疑问句	How would she comfort him?
陈述句	I think he was looking at high-level atmospheric particles.
并列句	Will sat down and looked at Lyra.
疑问句	Why did he go?
并列句	There were the hornbeam trees a little way ahead of them; there were houses, trees, roads, and in the distance the towers and spires of the city.
疑问句	You think so?
陈述句	Everything was going according to plan, really.
疑问句	You're from there, en't you?
并列句	Will listened without comment, but attentively, with sympathy.
条件状语从句	If you want my opinion, it's you that en't serious.
并列句	But neither of them saw the cat.
陈述句	That was the moment when she first felt a twinge of regret.
陈述句	Inside the building Lyra found a wide desk at the foot of the stairs, with a porter behind it.
陈述句	Inside you.
陈述句	She knew at once she'd made a horrible mistake.
并列句	Or there's a can of baked beans, if you'd like.
陈述句	Cittagazze, Lyra repeated.
陈述句	We could walk there in an hour, easy.
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	I'll never forget what I saw.
并列句	He snapped the lid for her, and the drink frothed out.
陈述句	I done that before.
并列句	A growl from Pantalaimon prompted her, and just briefly she saw someone there on the very top, looking down over the battle-mented rim, and not a child either, but a young man, with curly hair.
陈述句	St. Peter's, said Will.
陈述句	I met him five years back over at the northern end of the Urals.
并列句	They wheeled low over the water and cast about again for the sound of the engine.
条件状语从句	Now she could find it again, if she needed to, despite what the angels might think.
并列句	The search expedition found their last camp more or less intact, though the bears had eaten their stores.
并列句	Yes, I understand, but can you just tell me whether he's alive or dead?
原因状语从句	Mrs. Cooper could see he was upset, because his eyes were glistening, but he turned, remembering his manners, and held out his hand.
陈述句	They're in complete confusion.
陈述句	The Master of Jordan College gave it me.
陈述句	Get up now.
并列句	And then Lyra gripped his arm.
并列句	We can go and get the alethiometer back!
并列句	But what her place was in the wider scheme of things, I don't know.
陈述句	I'm going to find a Scholar who knows about it.
陈述句	I dunno about that.
并列句	And all the time he was intensely aware of the girl.
疑问句	Where was the cabinet in relation to the window?
并列句	But it was good to keep busy, so while he waited for Lyra, he cleaned the working surfaces in the kitchen, and washed the floor, and emptied the rubbish into the bin he found in the alley outside.
疑问句	Did you ever hear that story?
并列句	There he crawled under a bush and lay panting and trembling.
感叹句	Ha!
原因状语从句	There was one thing she could do; she was reluctant, because it was desperately risky, and it would leave her exhausted; but it seemed there was no choice.
陈述句	And— Wait, wait, wait.
陈述句	You become the tip of the knife.
并列句	Will looked at the two of them, the skinny pale-eyed girl with her black rat daemon now sitting in her arms, and felt profoundly alone.
陈述句	Will said.
并列句	And the sun on the grass beyond it was just like the sun on the grass on this side, except unaccountably different.
陈述句	Yes, I see.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (60 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
陈述句	I can hear the milkman down the road.
并列句	The screen responded as quickly as thought itself, and out of the welter of lines and flashes a series of pictures formed with perfect clarity: compasses, alpha and omega again, lightning, angel.
陈述句	She came to see me, which must have taken some nerve, I imagine.
陈述句	Yes, Dr. Malone went on, they know we're here.
并列句	And she rejoiced, too, that she was going to see Lord Asriel again.
陈述句	Lyra let him deal with the bus.
陈述句	No, said Lyra.
并列句	But I'm all right now.
感叹句	How fascinating!
并列句	She was very tired, so presently she went to bed and slept at once.
陈述句	Yes.
并列句	And that others know of Dust.
陈述句	That ain' true, said another boy.
陈述句	The head had gone.
陈述句	Just... go there, he said.
并列句	Will turned aside at once, casually, and looked in the window of the jeweler's shop beside him.
陈述句	I know how to do it.
陈述句	From my world.
陈述句	When you go through, you'll see a road right in front of you.
并列句	It stood in a large, well-tended garden, with shrubbery at one side and a gravel drive sweeping up to the front door.
并列句	As they saw Lyra, they slowed for a moment, but then the race took hold of them again.
并列句	But the mouse was separate; there was something of Lyra in his expression, but something else too.
并列句	She was an eagle, a black eagle with a white head and breast, of a kind I'd never set eyes on, and I didn't know how she might be called.
并列句	He made me tell him every scrap I knew about the land thereabouts, and the habits of wolverines and foxes.
并列句	He looked at Will first, and then at Lyra, and his expression changed a little.
陈述句	he said.
并列句	Why were there no pictures of his father in this part of the world or that, riding with frost-bearded men on Arctic sledges or examining creeper-covered ruins in the jungle?
并列句	She looked at Dr. Malone, whose face was tight and unhappy.
陈述句	This was a bad place.
让步状语从句	They're true parasites: they won't kill their host, though they drain most of the life out of him.
疑问句	So what have you been up to, Lizzie?
并列句	Move your feet and hands, Will insisted.
疑问句	What is this city called?
并列句	And Serafina listened as he told her of the rumors that had swept the town.
并列句	Will and Lyra realized as he did so that they'd seized each other's hand, and let go slowly.
感叹句	No!
并列句	They glided lower, listening with keen ears, and Serafina Pekkala soon made out the beat of a gas engine, muffled by the fog.
陈述句	Both of them looked there, startled.
感叹句	That's where I come from!
并列句	Up the stairs and out onto the deck.
陈述句	Lord Asriel is just a man, with human power, no more than that.
原因状语从句	But then another shift in things took place, because he realized that they, both girl and stoat, were profoundly afraid of him, as much as if he'd been a ghost.
并列句	They still alive, but it's like they been eaten from inside.
陈述句	I haven't got it, he whispered when she came up.
陈述句	She pointed up to where the road led through a gap in the hills.
并列句	But Will wasn't harmless either.
陈述句	That other man's gone—we seen him run out the door.
陈述句	He was a shaman, said the old seal hunter.
陈述句	We don't know about Specters.
陈述句	They use a bow drill, like for lighting a fire.
陈述句	Well, you're not the only one, as you see.
陈述句	So I won't show you the way through.
陈述句	All she could do was spit full in his face, so she did, with all her might.
陈述句	He hadn't finished.
疑问句	Where has she gone?
陈述句	We think it's some kind of elementary particle.
疑问句	What then?
并列句	It was light enough already to check through the things in the tote bag: his mother's purse, the latest letter from the lawyer, the road map of southern England, chocolate bars, toothpaste, spare socks and pants.
并列句	And the moment it stopped, he realized it was the woman's daemon: a crouching monkey, turning its head this way and that, searching for something.
并列句	He bent to look through and saw the road in Oxford, his own world.
并列句	It might have bothered him at twelve years of age to be seen holding his mother's hand, but he knew what would happen to her if he didn't.
陈述句	His hare daemon, Hester, crouched beside him, her ears flat along her back, her golden eyes half closed.
陈述句	The cat stepped forward—and vanished.
陈述句	Something was wrong.
并列句	She began to relax into it and lie more fluently.
陈述句	I want to know everything, she said, over the sound of wine being poured.
并列句	But when you come out of nowhere yesterday, I had to ask it who you were, or I might not have been safe.
陈述句	Actually, you're far too young to remember hippies.
陈述句	I can remember that.
陈述句	I never seen kids being like that.
陈述句	Dr. Malone sat down in a chair by the computer, staring.
陈述句	Umm ... that journalist, he went on, stopping at the door.
感叹句	I seen him at Mrs. Coulter's cocktail party, when I ran away!
陈述句	she asked.
陈述句	she said.
并列句	And there's someone with him.
并列句	She realized that Dr. Malone, who until now had acted out of exhaustion and despair, would never normally have shown her work to a strange child who turned up from nowhere, and that she was beginning to regret it.
陈述句	said the seal hunter.
并列句	He threaded each in turn into the projector, scrolled through to find the stories, and read them with fierce attention.
陈述句	Concentrate, boy.
并列句	They hugged tightly, and then Will kissed her again and gently unfastened her arms from his neck before going to the front door.
疑问句	Looking for dust?
陈述句	Winchester, she said.
并列句	In an old glass case with a black-painted wooden frame there were a number of human skulls, and some of them had holes in them: some at the front, some on the side, some on the top.
陈述句	said the Skraeling harshly.
并列句	He chose a view of the city, and wrote: DEAR MUM, I AM SAFE AND WELL, AND I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN SOON.
陈述句	She won't be needing it again.
原因状语从句	The creature that was the source of it must have been perched on the back of Mrs. Coulter's chair, because the light streaming over it threw its shadow clearly on the wall.
疑问句	Please, could you tell me where the museum is?
疑问句	What's your name?
并列句	Ruta Skadi was four hundred and sixteen years old, with all the pride and knowledge of an adult witch queen.
陈述句	The answer she got was simple: it directed her to a certain room in the tall square building behind her.
并列句	The Latvian queen, Ruta Skadi, flew with Serafina Pekkala's company for many days and nights, through fog and whirlwind, over regions devastated by flood or landslide.
陈述句	They trusted each other.
疑问句	Makes you wonder, doesn't it?
并列句	You can't come charging in here and expect to have a go as if it were a pinball machine.... Where do you come from, anyway?
陈述句	The cabinets, the bookshelves, the pictures were all there, as they had been that morning, undisturbed.
并列句	They know all about elementary particles and fundamental forces, she explained.
并列句	Her daemon had done it on his own initiative, and now he withdrew and fluttered to her shoulder as the smallest of moths.
并列句	Some of them managed to stay with the damaged balloon of Lee Scoresby, the Texan aeronaut, but Serafina herself was tossed high into the banks of fog that soon came rolling in from the gap that Lord AsriePs experiment had torn in the sky.
条件状语从句	If there was such a thing as shadow-colored, it was the blade of the subtle knife.
陈述句	Four hours later he still hadn't found the green leather case.
陈述句	I remember— Surely not, said his deputy.
陈述句	I'm talking about elementary panicles here, for goodness' sake.
陈述句	There must be someone who knows about it.
陈述句	Maybe that was why they needed a grown man to go in there.
陈述句	The man from the ship said, All gone, ma'am.
并列句	They were sitting, five of them, around a table in the room that served as their common room, living and dining room, bar, recreation room, and more or less everything else.
并列句	So there are lots of different research projects trying to find out what it is, and this is one of them.
陈述句	I want to know about him.
陈述句	Well, this was a mercantile city.
并列句	He counted: twenty-six rings, and then it stopped.
陈述句	I'll tell you, I promise.
并列句	Seems that they were camped out on Sakhalin somewhere and there was an avalanche.
陈述句	I ain' afraid of Specters, all right, the little boy said, thrusting forward his grubby chin.
陈述句	The third was dated two months after that.
并列句	The woman was looking at her son without seeming to understand, and Mrs. Cooper saw a bruise on her cheek.
陈述句	They're going swiftly, Sergi.
陈述句	We ain' gonna go in there, all right.
陈述句	said Lyra, alarmed.
并列句	And no one ain' gonna go near them, they on they own.
陈述句	I can feel that from here.
疑问句	The what?
陈述句	she said.
并列句	She noticed the other rider moving back toward the wagons, and saw that it was, indeed, a woman.
并列句	Dr. Malone gave her a tissue to wipe off the gel, and folded up the wires.
陈述句	Yes... Well, I want to know where my father is, please.
陈述句	He was bloodstained, trembling, wild-eyed.
让步状语从句	Not children so much, though.
陈述句	She'll tell you.
并列句	And she sat down on the stone curb around the grass in the middle of the square and bent her head over the golden instrument and began to turn the hands, her fingers moving almost too quickly to see, and then pausing for several seconds while the slender needle whipped around the dial, flicking to a stop here and there, and then turning the hands to new positions just as quickly.
并列句	But then he felt the strangest thing, and brushed the back of his right wrist across his eyes to find Pan-talaimon's head on his knee.
感叹句	Will, he's called Lord Boreal!
陈述句	Please, never let him get it.
陈述句	I must find the child.
陈述句	No.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi stayed behind them for some way, watching, measuring their strength in case she should need to fight them.
并列句	he said, and opened the fridge.
陈述句	Those lights, she said, pointing up at the ornamental streetlight.
并列句	He shaded his eyes and gazed down toward the scattered wagons, the halted travelers.
陈述句	I know a child called Lizzie.
并列句	So did Dr. Malone, and so did the poet Keats, whoever he was, and all of them knew you couldn't get it by straining toward it But she held her tongue and clasped her hands.
陈述句	He had to close that one too, turn the other way, try again.
