并列句	His Dark Materials Book Two THE SUBTLE KNIFE Philip Pullman ONE THE CAT AND THE HORNBEAM TREES Will tugged at his mother's hand and said, Come on, come on...
并列句	But his mother hung back.
陈述句	She was still afraid.
并列句	Will looked up and down the narrow street in the evening light, along the little terrace of houses, each behind its tiny garden and its box hedge, with the sun glaring off the windows of one side and leaving the other in shadow.
陈述句	There wasn't much time.
并列句	People would be having their meal about now, and soon there would be other children around, to stare and comment and notice.
并列句	It was dangerous to wait, but all he could do was persuade her, as usual.
并列句	Mum, let's go in and see Mrs. Cooper, he said.
陈述句	Look, we're nearly there.
疑问句	Mrs. Cooper?
陈述句	she said doubtfully.
并列句	But he was already ringing the bell.
原因状语从句	He had to put down the bag to do it, because his other hand still held his mother's.
并列句	It might have bothered him at twelve years of age to be seen holding his mother's hand, but he knew what would happen to her if he didn't.
并列句	The door opened, and there was the stooped elderly figure of the piano teacher, with the scent of lavender water about her as he remembered.
疑问句	Who's that?
疑问句	Is that William?
陈述句	the old lady said.
陈述句	I haven't seen you for over a year.
疑问句	What do you want, dear?
并列句	I want to come in, please, and bring my mother, he said firmly.
并列句	Mrs. Cooper looked at the woman with the untidy hair and the distracted half-smile, and at the boy with the fierce, unhappy glare in his eyes, the tight-set lips, the jutting jaw.
并列句	And then she saw that Mrs. Parry, Will's mother, had put makeup on one eye but not on the other.
并列句	And she hadn't noticed.
并列句	And neither had Will.
陈述句	Something was wrong.
并列句	Well... she said, and stepped aside to make room in the narrow hall.
并列句	Will looked up and down the road before closing the door, and Mrs. Cooper saw how tightly Mrs. Parry was clinging to her son's hand, and how tenderly he guided her into the sitting room where the piano was (of course, that was the only room he knew); and she noticed that Mrs. Parry's clothes smelled slightly musty, as if they'd been too long in the washing machine before drying; and how similar the two of them looked as they sat on the sofa with the evening sun full on their faces, their broad cheekbones, their wide eyes, their straight black brows.
疑问句	What is it, William?
陈述句	the old lady said.
疑问句	What's the matter?
陈述句	My mother needs somewhere to stay for a few days, he said.
陈述句	It's too difficult to look after her at home just now.
并列句	I don't mean she's ill. She's just kind of confused and muddled, and she gets a bit worried.
陈述句	She won't be hard to look after.
并列句	She just needs someone to be kind to her, and I think you could do that quite easily, probably.
并列句	The woman was looking at her son without seeming to understand, and Mrs. Cooper saw a bruise on her cheek.
并列句	Will hadn't taken his eyes off Mrs. Cooper, and his expression was desperate.
陈述句	She won't be expensive, he went on.
陈述句	I've brought some packets of food, enough to last, I should think.
陈述句	You could have some of it too.
陈述句	She won't mind sharing.
并列句	But ...
条件状语从句	I don't know if I should ...
疑问句	Doesn't she need a doctor?
感叹句	No!
陈述句	She's not ill.
并列句	But there must be someone who can...
并列句	I mean, isn't there a neighbor or someone in the family— We haven't got any family.
陈述句	Only us.
并列句	And the neighbors are too busy.
疑问句	What about the social services?
感叹句	I don't mean to put you off, dear, but— No!
陈述句	No.
陈述句	She just needs a bit of help.
并列句	I can't do it myself for a little while, but I won't be long.
陈述句	I'm going to ...
陈述句	I've got things to do.
并列句	But I'll be back soon, and I'll take her home again, I promise.
陈述句	You won't have to do it for long.
并列句	The mother was looking at her son with such trust, and he turned and smiled at her with such love and reassurance, that Mrs. Cooper couldn't say no.
并列句	Well, she said, turning to Mrs. Parry, I'm sure it won't matter for a day or so.
陈述句	You can have my daughter's room, dear.
陈述句	She's in Australia.
陈述句	She won't be needing it again.
并列句	Thank you, said Will, and stood up as if he were in a hurry to leave.
并列句	But where are you going to be?
陈述句	said Mrs. Cooper.
陈述句	I'm going to be staying with a friend, he said.
陈述句	I'll phone up as often as I can.
陈述句	I've got your number.
陈述句	It'll be all right His mother was looking at him, bewildered.
并列句	He bent over and kissed her clumsily.
陈述句	Don't worry, he said.
陈述句	Mrs. Cooper will look after you better than me, honest.
并列句	And I'll phone up and talk to you tomorrow.
并列句	They hugged tightly, and then Will kissed her again and gently unfastened her arms from his neck before going to the front door.
原因状语从句	Mrs. Cooper could see he was upset, because his eyes were glistening, but he turned, remembering his manners, and held out his hand.
并列句	Good-bye, he said, and thank you very much.
并列句	William, she said, I wish you'd tell me what the matter is— It's a bit complicated, he said, but she won't be any trouble, honestly.
并列句	That wasn't what she meant, and both of them knew it; but somehow Will was in charge of this business, whatever it was.
陈述句	The old lady thought she'd never seen a child so implacable.
陈述句	He turned away, already thinking about the empty house.
并列句	The close where Will and his mother lived was a loop of road in a modern estate with a dozen identical houses, of which theirs was by far the shabbiest.
并列句	The front garden was just a patch of weedy grass; his mother had planted some shrubs earlier in the year, but they'd shriveled and died for lack of watering.
并列句	As Will came around the corner, his cat, Moxie, rose up from her favorite spot under the still-living hydrangea and stretched before greeting him with a soft meow and butting her head against his leg.
并列句	He picked her up and whispered, Have they come back, Moxie?
疑问句	Have you seen them?
陈述句	The house was silent.
并列句	In the last of the evening light the man across the road was washing his car, but he took no notice of Will, and Will didn't look at him.
陈述句	The less notice people took, the better.
并列句	Holding Moxie against his chest, he unlocked the door and went in quickly.
陈述句	Then he listened very carefully before putting her down.
陈述句	There was nothing to hear; the house was empty.
并列句	He opened a tin for Moxie and left her to eat in the kitchen.
疑问句	How long before the men came back?
陈述句	There was no way of telling, so he'd better move quickly.
并列句	He went upstairs and began to search.
陈述句	He was looking for a battered green leather writing case.
并列句	There are a surprising number of places to hide something that size even in any ordinary modern house; you don't need secret panels and extensive cellars in order to make something hard to find.
并列句	Will searched his mother's bedroom first, ashamed to be looking through the drawers where she kept her underclothes, and then he worked systematically through the rest of the rooms upstairs, even his own.
并列句	Moxie came to see what he was doing and sat and cleaned herself nearby, for company.
并列句	But he didn't find it.
并列句	By that time it was dark, and he was hungry.
并列句	He made himself baked beans on toast and sat at the kitchen table wondering about the best order to look through the downstairs rooms.
陈述句	As he was finishing his meal, the phone rang.
陈述句	He sat absolutely still, his heart thumping.
并列句	He counted: twenty-six rings, and then it stopped.
并列句	He put his plate in the suik and started to search again.
陈述句	Four hours later he still hadn't found the green leather case.
并列句	It was half past one, and he was exhausted.
并列句	He lay on his bed fully clothed and fell asleep at once, his dreams tense and crowded, his mother's unhappy, frightened face always there just out of reach.
并列句	And almost at once, it seemed (though he'd been asleep for nearly three hours), he woke up knowing two things simultaneously.
陈述句	First, he knew where the case was.
并列句	And second, he knew that the men were downstairs, opening the kitchen door.
并列句	He lifted Moxie out of the way and softly hushed her sleepy protest.
并列句	Then he swung his legs over the side of the bed and put on his shoes, straining every nerve to hear the sounds from downstairs.
并列句	They were very quiet sounds: a chair being lifted and replaced, a short whisper, the creak of a floorboard.
并列句	Moving more silently than the men were, he left his bedroom and tiptoed to the spare room at the top of the stairs.
并列句	It wasn't quite pitch-dark, and in the ghostly gray predawn light he could see the old treadle sewing machine.
并列句	He'd been through the room thoroughly only hours before, but he'd forgotten the compartment at the side of the sewing machine, where all the patterns and bobbins were kept.
陈述句	He felt for it delicately, listening all the while.
并列句	The men were moving about downstairs, and Will could see a dim flicker of light that might have been a flashlight at the edge of the door.
并列句	Then he found the catch of the compartment and clicked it open, and there, just as he'd known it would be, was the leather writing case.
并列句	And now what could he do?
陈述句	He crouched in the dimness, heart pounding, listening hard.
陈述句	The two men were in the hall downstairs.
陈述句	He heard one of them say quietly, Come on.
陈述句	I can hear the milkman down the road.
让步状语从句	It's not here, though, said the other voice.
陈述句	We'll have to look upstairs.
陈述句	Go on, then.
陈述句	Don't hang about.
陈述句	Will braced himself as he heard the quiet creak of the top step.
并列句	The man was making no noise at all, but he couldn't help the creak if he wasn't expecting it.
陈述句	Then there was a pause.
陈述句	A very thin beam of flashlight swept along the floor outside.
陈述句	Will saw it through the crack.
陈述句	Then the door began to move.
并列句	Will waited till the man was framed in the open doorway, and then exploded up out of the dark and crashed into the intruder's belly.
并列句	But neither of them saw the cat.
并列句	As the man had reached the top step, Moxie had come silently out of the bedroom and stood with raised tail just behind the man's legs, ready to rub herself against them.
并列句	The man, who was trained and fit and hard, could have dealt with Will, but the cat was in the way, and as the man tried to move back, he tripped over her.
并列句	With a sharp gasp he fell backward down the stairs and crashed his head brutally against the hall table.
并列句	Will heard a hideous crack, and didn't stop to wonder about it.
并列句	Clutching the writing case, he swung himself down the banister, leaping over the man's body that lay twitching and crumpled at the foot of the flight, seized the tattered tote bag from the table, and was out of the front door and away before the other man could do more than come out of the living room and stare.
并列句	Even in his fear and haste Will wondered why the other man didn't shout after him, or chase him.
并列句	They'd be after him soon, though, with their cars and their cell phones.
陈述句	The only thing to do was run.
陈述句	He saw the milkman turning into the close, the lights of his electric cart pallid in the dawn glimmer that was already filling the sky.
并列句	Will jumped over the fence into the next-door garden, down the passage beside the house, over the next garden wall, across a dew-wet lawn, through the hedge, and into the tangle of shrubs and trees between the housing estate and the main road.
并列句	There he crawled under a bush and lay panting and trembling.
陈述句	It was too early to be out on the road: wait till later, when the rush hour started.
并列句	He couldn't get out of his mind the crack as the man's head struck the table, and the way his neck was bent so far and in such a wrong way, and the dreadful twitching of his limbs.
陈述句	The man was dead.
陈述句	He'd killed him.
并列句	He couldn't get it out of his mind, but he had to.
陈述句	There was quite enough to think about.
疑问句	His mother: would she really be safe where she was?
疑问句	Mrs. Cooper wouldn't tell, would she?
条件状语从句	Even if Will didn't turn up as he'd said he would?
原因状语从句	Because he couldn't, now that he'd killed someone.
并列句	And Moxie.
疑问句	Who'd feed Moxie?
疑问句	Would Moxie worry about where they were?
疑问句	Would she try to follow them?
陈述句	It was getting lighter by the minute.
并列句	It was light enough already to check through the things in the tote bag: his mother's purse, the latest letter from the lawyer, the road map of southern England, chocolate bars, toothpaste, spare socks and pants.
并列句	And the green leather writing case.
陈述句	Everything was there.
陈述句	Everything was going according to plan, really.
陈述句	Except that he'd killed someone.
并列句	Will had first realized his mother was different from other people, and that he had to look after her, when he was seven.
并列句	They were in a supermarket, and they were playing a game: they were allowed to put an item in the cart only when no one was looking.
并列句	It was Will's job to look all around and whisper Now, and she would snatch a tin or a packet from the shelf and put it silently into the cart.
原因状语从句	When things were in there they were safe, because they became invisible.
原因状语从句	It was a good game, and it went on for a long time, because this was a Saturday morning and the shop was full, but they were good at it and worked well together.
陈述句	They trusted each other.
并列句	Will loved his mother very much and often told her so, and she told him the same.
原因状语从句	So when they reached the checkout Will was excited and happy because they'd nearly won.
并列句	And when his mother couldn't find her purse, that was part of the game too, even when she said the enemies must have stolen it; but Will was getting tired by this time, and hungry too, and Mummy wasn't so happy anymore.
原因状语从句	She was really frightened, and they went around and around putting things back on the shelves, but this time they had to be extra careful because the enemies were tracking them down by means of her credit card numbers, which they knew because they had her purse.... And Will got more and more frightened himself.
并列句	He realized how clever his mother had been to make this real danger into a game so that he wouldn't be alarmed, and how, now that he knew the truth, he had to pretend not to be frightened, so as to reassure her.
并列句	So the little boy pretended it was a game still, so she didn't have to worry that he was frightened, and they went home without any shopping, but safe from the enemies; and then Will found the purse on the hall table anyway.
并列句	On Monday they went to the bank and closed her account, and opened another somewhere else, just to be sure.
并列句	Thus the danger passed But sometime during the next few months, Will realized slowly and unwillingly that those enemies of his mother's were not in the world out there, but in her mind.
并列句	That made them no less real, no less frightening and dangerous; it just meant he had to protect her even more carefully.
并列句	And from the moment in the supermarket when he had realized he must pretend in order not to worry his mother, part of Will's mind was always alert to her anxieties.
陈述句	He loved her so much he would have died to protect her.
陈述句	As for Will's father, he had vanished long before Will was able to remember him.
并列句	Will was passionately curious about his father, and he used to plague his mother with questions, most of which she couldn't answer.
疑问句	Was he a rich man?
疑问句	Where did he go?
疑问句	Why did he go?
疑问句	Is he dead?
陈述句	Will he come back?'
疑问句	What was he like?
陈述句	The last question was the only one she could help him with.
并列句	John Parry had been a handsome man, a brave and clever officer in the Royal Marines, who had left the army to become an explorer and lead expeditions to remote parts of the world.
陈述句	Will thrilled to hear about this.
陈述句	No father could be more exciting than an explorer.
并列句	From then on, in all his games he had an invisible companion: he and his father were together hacking through the jungle, shading their eyes to gaze out across stormy seas from the deck of their schooner, holding up a torch to decipher mysterious inscriptions in a bat-infested cave.
陈述句	...
并列句	They were the best of friends, they saved each other's life countless times, they laughed and talked together over camp-fires long into the night.
并列句	But the older he got, the more Will began to wonder.
并列句	Why were there no pictures of his father in this part of the world or that, riding with frost-bearded men on Arctic sledges or examining creeper-covered ruins in the jungle?
并列句	Had nothing survived of the trophies and curiosities he must have brought home?
疑问句	Was nothing written about him in a book?
陈述句	His mother didn't know.
并列句	But one thing she had said stuck in his mind.
陈述句	She said, One day, you'll follow in your father's footsteps.
陈述句	You're going to be a great man too.
陈述句	You'll take up his mantle.
并列句	And though Will didn't know what that meant, he understood the sense of it, and felt uplifted with pride and purpose.
陈述句	All his games were going to come true.
并列句	His father was alive, lost somewhere hi the wild, and he was going to rescue him and take up his mantle....
条件状语从句	It was worth living a difficult life, if you had a great aim like that.
陈述句	So he kept his mother's trouble secret.
并列句	There were times when she was calmer and clearer than others, and he took care to learn from her then how to shop and cook and keep the house clean, so that he could do it when she was confused and frightened.
并列句	And he learned how to conceal himself, too, how to remain unnoticed at school, how not to attract attention from the neighbors, even when his mother was hi such a state of fear and madness that she could barely speak.
并列句	What Will himself feared more than anything was that the authorities would find out about her, and take her away, and put him in a home among strangers.
陈述句	Any difficulty was better than that.
原因状语从句	Because there came times when the darkness cleared from her mind, and she was happy again, and she laughed at her fears and blessed him for looking after her so well; and she was so full of love and sweetness then that he could think of no better companion, and wanted nothing more than to live with her alone forever.
并列句	But then the men came.
并列句	They weren't police, and they weren't social services, and they weren't criminals—at least as far as Will could judge.
陈述句	They wouldn't tell him what they wanted, in spite of his efforts to keep them away; they'd speak only to his mother.
并列句	And her state was fragile just then.
并列句	But he listened outside the door, and heard them ask about his father, and felt his breath come more quickly.
并列句	The men wanted to know where John Parry had gone, and whether he'd sent anything back to her, and when she'd last heard from him, and whether he'd had contact with any foreign embassies.
并列句	Will heard his mother getting more and more distressed, and finally he ran into the room and told them to go.
让步状语从句	He looked so fierce that neither of the men laughed, though he was so young.
并列句	They could easily have knocked him down, or held him off the floor with one hand, but he was fearless, and his anger was hot and deadly.
陈述句	So they left.
并列句	Naturally, this episode strengthened Will's conviction: his father was in trouble somewhere, and only he could help.
并列句	His games weren't childish anymore, and he didn't play so openly.
并列句	It was coming true, and he had to be worthy of it.
并列句	And not long afterward the men came back, insisting that Will's mother had something to tell them.
并列句	They came when Will was at school, and one of them kept her talking downstairs while the other searched the bedrooms.
陈述句	She didn't realize what they were doing.
并列句	But Will came home early and found them, and once again he blazed at them, and once again they left.
并列句	They seemed to know that he wouldn't go to the police, for fear of losing his mother to the authorities, and they got more and more persistent.
陈述句	Finally they broke into the house when Will had gone to fetch his mother home from the park.
并列句	It was getting worse for her now, and she believed that she had to touch every separate slat in every separate bench beside the pond.
陈述句	Will would help her, to get it done quicker.
并列句	When they got home that day they saw the back of the men's car disappearing out of the close, and he got inside to find that they'd been through the house and searched most of the drawers and cupboards.
陈述句	He knew what they were after.
并列句	The green leather case was his mother's most precious possession; he would never dream of looking through it, and he didn't even know where she kept it.
并列句	But he knew it contained letters, and he knew she read them sometimes, and cried, and it was then that she talked about his father.
并列句	So Will supposed that this was what the men were after, and knew he had to do something about it.
陈述句	He decided first to find somewhere safe for his mother to stay.
并列句	He thought and thought, but he had no friends to ask, and the neighbors were already suspicious, and the only person he thought he could trust was Mrs. Cooper.
并列句	Once his mother was safely there, he was going to find the green leather case and look at what was in it, and then he was going to go to Oxford, where he'd find the answer to some of his questions.
并列句	But the men came too soon.
并列句	And now he'd killed one of them.
陈述句	So the police would be after him too.
陈述句	Well, he was good at not being noticed.
并列句	He'd have to not be noticed harder than he'd ever done in his life before, and keep it up as long as he could, till either he found his father or they found him.
并列句	And if they found him first, he didn't care how many more of them he killed.
陈述句	Later that day, toward midnight in fact, Will was walking out of the city of Oxford, forty miles away.
陈述句	He was tired to his very bones.
并列句	He had hitchhiked, and ridden on two buses, and walked, and reached Oxford at six in the evening, too late to do what he needed to do.
并列句	He'd eaten at a Burger King and gone to a cinema to hide (though what the film was, he forgot even as he was watching it), and now he was walking along an endless road through the suburbs, heading north.
陈述句	No one had noticed nun so far.
原因状语从句	But he was aware that he'd better find somewhere to sleep before long, because the later it got, the more noticeable he'd be.
并列句	The trouble was that there was nowhere to hide in the gardens of the comfortable houses along this road, and there was still no sign of open country.
并列句	He came to a large traffic circle where the road going north crossed the Oxford ring road going east and west.
并列句	At this time of night there was very little traffic, and the road where he stood was quiet, with comfortable houses set back behind a wide expanse of grass on either side.
陈述句	Planted along the grass at the road's edge were two lines of hornbeam trees, odd-looking things with perfectly symmetrical close-leafed crowns, more like children's drawings than like real trees.
陈述句	The streetlights made the scene look artificial, like a stage set.
并列句	Will was stupefied with exhaustion, and he might have gone on to the north, or he might have laid his head on the grass under one of those trees and slept; but as he stood trying to clear his head, he saw a cat.
陈述句	She was a tabby, like Moxie.
陈述句	She padded out of a garden on the Oxford side of the road, where Will was standing.
并列句	Will put down his tote bag and held out his hand, and the cat came up to rub her head against his knuckles, just as Moxie did.
并列句	Of course, every cat behaved like that, but all the same Will felt such a longing for home that tears scalded his eyes.
陈述句	Eventually the cat turned away.
并列句	This was night, and there was a territory to patrol, there were mice to hunt.
并列句	She padded across the road and toward the bushes just beyond the hornbeam trees, and there she stopped.
陈述句	Will, still watching, saw the cat behave curiously.
陈述句	She reached out a paw to pat something in the air in front of her, something quite invisible to Will.
并列句	Then she leaped backward, back arched and fur on end, tail held out stiffly.
陈述句	Will knew cat behavior.
并列句	He watched more alertly as the cat approached the spot again, just an empty patch of grass between the hornbeams and the bushes of a garden hedge, and patted the air once more.
并列句	Again she leaped back, but less far and with less alarm this time.
并列句	After another few seconds of sniffing, touching, and whisker twitching, curiosity overcame wariness.
陈述句	The cat stepped forward—and vanished.
陈述句	Will blinked.
并列句	Then he stood still, close to the trunk of the nearest tree, as a truck came around the circle and swept its lights over him.
陈述句	When it had gone past, he crossed the road, keeping his eyes on the spot where the cat had been investigating.
原因状语从句	It wasn't easy, because there was nothing to fix on, but when he came to the place and cast about to look closely, he saw it.
陈述句	At least, he saw it from some angles.
并列句	It looked as if someone had cut a patch out of the air, about two yards from the edge of the road, a patch roughly square in shape and less than a yard across.
并列句	If you were level with the patch so that it was edge-on, it was nearly invisible, and it was completely invisible from behind.
原因状语从句	You could see it only from the side nearest the road, and you couldn't see it easily even from there, because all you could see through it was exactly the same kind of thing that lay in front of it on this side: a patch of grass lit by a streetlight.
并列句	But Will knew without the slightest doubt that that patch of grass on the other side was in a different world.
陈述句	He couldn't possibly have said why.
并列句	He knew it at once, as strongly as he knew that fire burned and kindness was good.
陈述句	He was looking at something profoundly alien.
并列句	And for that reason alone, it enticed him to stoop and look further.
并列句	What he saw made his head swim and his heart thump harder, but he didn't hesitate: he pushed his tote bag through, and then scrambled through himself, through the hole in the fabric of this world and into another.
陈述句	He found himself standing under a row of trees.
并列句	But not hornbeam trees: these were tall palms, and they were growing, like the trees in Oxford, in a row along the grass.
并列句	But this was the center of a broad boulevard, and at the side of the boulevard was a line of cafes and small shops, all brightly bt, all open, and all utterly silent and empty beneath a sky thick with stars.
并列句	The hot night was laden with the scent of flowers and with the salt smell of the sea.
陈述句	Will looked around carefully.
并列句	Behind him the full moon shone down over a distant prospect of great green hills, and on the slopes at the foot of the hills there were houses with rich gardens, and an open parkland with groves of trees and the white gleam of a classical temple.
并列句	Just beside him was that bare patch in the air, as hard to see from this side as from the other, but definitely there.
并列句	He bent to look through and saw the road in Oxford, his own world.
陈述句	He turned away with a shudder: whatever this new world was, it had to be better than what he'd just left.
并列句	With a dawning light-headedness, the feeling that he was dreaming but awake at the same time, he stood up and looked around for the cat, his guide.
陈述句	She was nowhere in sight.
并列句	No doubt she was already exploring those narrow streets and gardens beyond the cafes whose lights were so inviting.
并列句	Will lifted up his tattered tote bag and walked slowly across the road toward them, moving very carefully in case it all disappeared.
并列句	The air of the place had something Mediterranean or maybe Caribbean about it.
并列句	Will had never been out of England, so he couldn't compare it with anywhere he knew, but it was the kind of place where people came out late at night to eat and drink, to dance and enjoy music.
并列句	Except that there was no one here, and the silence was immense.
并列句	On the first corner he reached there stood a cafe, with little green tables on the pavement and a zinc-topped bar and an espresso machine.
陈述句	On some of the tables glasses stood half-empty; in one ashtray a cigarette had burned down to the butt; a plate of risotto stood next to a basket of stale rolls as hard as cardboard.
并列句	He took a bottle of lemonade from the cooler behind the bar and then thought for a moment before dropping a pound coin in the till.
陈述句	As soon as he'd shut the till, he opened it again, realizing that the money in there might say what this place was called.
并列句	The currency was called the corona, but he couldn't tell any more than that.
并列句	He put the money back and opened the bottle on the opener fixed to the counter before leaving the cafe and wandering down the street going away from the boulevard.
并列句	Little grocery shops and bakeries stood between jewelers and florists and bead-curtained doors opening into private houses, where wrought-iron balconies thick with flowers overhung the narrow pavement, and where the silence, being enclosed, was even more profound.
并列句	The streets were leading downward, and before very long they opened out onto a broad avenue where more palm trees reached high into the air, the underside of their leaves glowing in me streetlights.
陈述句	On the other side of the avenue was the sea.
并列句	Will found himself facing a harbor enclosed from the left by a stone breakwater and from the right by a headland on which a large building with stone columns and wide steps and ornate balconies stood floodlit among flowering trees and bushes.
并列句	In the harbor one or two rowboats lay still at anchor, and beyond the breakwater the starlight glittered on a calm sea.
陈述句	By now Will's exhaustion had been wiped out.
并列句	He was wide awake and possessed by wonder.
并列句	From time to time, on his way through the narrow streets, he'd put out a hand to touch a wall or a doorway or the flowers in a window box, and found them solid and convincing.
原因状语从句	Now he wanted to touch the whole landscape in front of him, because it was too wide to take in through his eyes alone.
陈述句	He stood still, breathing deeply, almost afraid.
陈述句	He discovered that he was still holding the bottle he'd taken from the cafe.
原因状语从句	He drank from it, and it tasted like what it was, ice-cold lemonade; and welcome, too, because the night air was hot.
并列句	He wandered along to the right, past hotels with awnings over brightly lit entrances and bougainvillea flowering beside them, until he came to the gardens on the little headland.
陈述句	The building in the trees with its ornate facade lit by floodlights might have been an opera house.
并列句	There were paths leading here and there among the lamp-hung oleander trees, but not a sound of life could be heard: no night birds singing, no insects, nothing but Will's own footsteps.
陈述句	The only sound he could hear came from the regular, quiet breaking of delicate waves from the beach beyond the palm trees at the edge of the garden.
陈述句	Will made his way there.
并列句	The tide was halfway in, or halfway out, and a row of pedal boats was drawn up on the soft white sand above the high-water line.
陈述句	Every few seconds a tiny wave folded itself over at the sea's edge before sliding back neatly under the next.
并列句	Fifty yards or so out on the calm water was a diving platform.
并列句	Will sat on the side of one of the pedal boats and kicked off his shoes, his cheap sneakers that were coming apart and cramping his hot feet.
并列句	He dropped his socks beside them and pushed his toes deep into the sand.
并列句	A few seconds later he had thrown off the rest of his clothes and was walking into the sea.
并列句	The water was deliciously between cool and warm.
并列句	He splashed out to the diving platform and pulled himself up to sit on its weather-softened planking and look back at the city.
陈述句	To his right the harbor lay enclosed by its breakwater.
并列句	Beyond it a mile or so away stood a red-and-white-striped lighthouse.
并列句	And beyond the lighthouse, distant cuffs rose dimly, and beyond them, those great wide rolling hills he'd seen from the place he'd first come through.
并列句	Closer at hand were the light-bearing trees of the casino gardens, and the streets of the city, and the waterfront with its hotels and cafes and warm-lit shops, all silent, all empty.
并列句	And all safe.
陈述句	No one could follow him here; the men who'd searched the house would never know; the police would never find him.
陈述句	He had a whole world to hide in.
陈述句	For the first time since he'd run out of his front door that morning, Will began to feel secure.
原因状语从句	He was thirsty again, and hungry too, because he'd last eaten in another world, after all.
并列句	He slipped into the water and swam back more slowly to the beach, where he put on his underpants and carried the rest of his clothes and the tote bag.
并列句	He dropped the empty bottle into the first rubbish bin he found and walked barefoot along the pavement toward the harbor.
并列句	When his skin had dried a little, he pulled on his jeans and looked for somewhere he'd be likely to find food.
陈述句	The hotels were too grand.
并列句	He looked inside the first hotel, but it was so large that he felt uncomfortable, and he kept moving down the waterfront until he found a little caf6 that looked like the right place.
并列句	He couldn't have said why; it was very similar to a dozen others, with its first-floor balcony laden with flowerpots and its tables and chairs on the pavement outside, but it welcomed him.
并列句	There was a bar with photographs of boxers on the wall, and a signed poster of a broadly smiling accordion player.
并列句	There was a kitchen, and a door beside it that opened on to a narrow flight of stairs, carpeted in a bright floral pattern.
并列句	He climbed quietly up to the narrow landing and opened the first door he came to.
陈述句	It was the room at the front.
并列句	The air was hot and stuffy, and Will opened the glass door onto the balcony to let in the night air.
并列句	The room itself was small and furnished with things that were too big for it, and shabby, but it was clean and comfortable.
陈述句	Hospitable people lived here.
陈述句	There was a little shelf of books, a magazine on the table, a couple of photographs in frames.
并列句	Will left and looked in the other rooms: a little bathroom, a bedroom with a double bed.
陈述句	Something made his skin prickle before he opened the last door.
陈述句	His heart raced.
并列句	He wasn't sure if he'd heard a sound from inside, but something told him that the room wasn't empty.
并列句	He thought how odd it was that this day had begun with someone outside a darkened room, and himself waiting inside; and now the positions were reversed— And as he stood wondering, the door burst open and something came hurtling at him like a wild beast.
并列句	But his memory had warned him, and he wasn't standing quite close enough to be knocked over.
并列句	He fought hard: knee, head, fist, and the strength of his arms against it, him, her— A girl about his own age, ferocious, snarling, with ragged dirty clothes and thin bare limbs.
并列句	She realized what he was at the same moment, and snatched herself away from his bare chest to crouch in the corner of the dark landing like a cat at bay.
并列句	And there was a cat beside her, to his astonishment: a large wildcat, as tall as his knee, fur on end, teeth bared, tail erect.
并列句	She put her hand on the cat's back and licked her dry lips, watching his every movement.
陈述句	Will stood up slowly.
疑问句	Who are you?
陈述句	Lyra Silvertongue, she said.
疑问句	Do you live here?
陈述句	No, she said vehemently.
疑问句	Then what is this place?
疑问句	This city?
陈述句	I don't know.
疑问句	Where do you come from?
陈述句	From my world.
陈述句	It's joined on.
疑问句	Where's your daemon?
陈述句	His eyes widened.
并列句	Then he saw something extraordinary happen to the cat: it leaped into her arms, and when it got there, it changed shape.
并列句	Now it was a red-brown stoat with a cream throat and belly, and it glared at him as ferociously as the girl herself.
原因状语从句	But then another shift in things took place, because he realized that they, both girl and stoat, were profoundly afraid of him, as much as if he'd been a ghost.
陈述句	I haven't got a demon, he said.
陈述句	I don't know what you mean.
感叹句	Then, Oh!
疑问句	Is that your demon?
陈述句	She stood up slowly.
并列句	The stoat curled himself around her neck, and his dark eyes never left Will's face.
并列句	But you're alive, she said, half-disbelievingly.
陈述句	You en't... You en't been .. .
陈述句	My name's Will Parry, he said.
陈述句	I don't know what you mean about demons.
陈述句	In my world demon means ... it means devil, something evil.
疑问句	In your world?
疑问句	You mean this en't your world?
陈述句	No.
陈述句	I just found... a way in.
陈述句	Like your world, I suppose.
陈述句	It must be joined on.
并列句	She relaxed a little, but she still watched him intently, and he stayed calm and quiet as if she were a strange cat he was making friends with.
疑问句	Have you seen anyone else in this city?
陈述句	he went on.
陈述句	No.
疑问句	How long have you been here?
陈述句	Dunno.
陈述句	A few days.
陈述句	I can't remember.
疑问句	So why did you come here?
陈述句	I'm looking for Dust, she said.
疑问句	Looking for dust?
疑问句	What, gold dust?
疑问句	What sort of dust?
并列句	She narrowed her eyes and said nothing.
陈述句	He turned away to go downstairs.
陈述句	I'm hungry, he said.
疑问句	Is there any food in the kitchen?
并列句	I dunno, she said, and followed, keeping her distance from him.
并列句	In the kitchen Will found the ingredients for a casserole of chicken and onions and peppers, but they hadn't been cooked, and in the heat they were smelling bad.
陈述句	He swept them all into the dustbin.
疑问句	Haven't you eaten anything?
并列句	he said, and opened the fridge.
陈述句	Lyra came to look.
陈述句	I didn't know this was here, she said.
感叹句	Oh!
陈述句	It's cold.
并列句	Her daemon had changed again, and become a huge, brightly colored butterfly, which fluttered into the fridge briefly and out again at once to settle on her shoulder.
并列句	The butterfly raised and lowered his wings slowly.
让步状语从句	Will felt he shouldn't stare, though his head was ringing with the strangeness of it.
疑问句	Haven't you seen a fridge before?
陈述句	he said.
并列句	He found a can of cola and handed it to her before taking out a tray of eggs.
陈述句	She pressed the can between her palms with pleasure.
陈述句	Drink it, then, he said.
陈述句	She looked at it, frowning.
陈述句	She didn't know how to open it.
并列句	He snapped the lid for her, and the drink frothed out.
并列句	She licked it suspiciously, and then her eyes opened wide.
疑问句	This is good?
并列句	she said, her voice half hoping and half fearful.
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	They have Coke in this world, obviously.
陈述句	Look, I'll drink some to prove it isn't poison.
陈述句	He opened another can.
陈述句	Once she saw him drink, she followed his example.
陈述句	She was obviously thirsty.
并列句	She drank so quickly that the bubbles got up her nose, and she snorted and belched loudly, and scowled when he looked at her.
陈述句	I'm going to make an omelette, he said.
疑问句	D'you want some?
陈述句	I don't know what omelette is.
并列句	Well, watch and you'll see.
并列句	Or there's a can of baked beans, if you'd like.
陈述句	I don't know baked beans.
陈述句	He showed her the can.
陈述句	She looked for the snap-open top like the one on the cola can.
陈述句	No, you have to use a can opener, he said.
疑问句	Don't they have can openers in your world?
陈述句	In my world servants do the cooking, she said scornfully.
陈述句	Look in the drawer over there.
并列句	She rummaged through the kitchen cutlery while he broke six eggs into a bowl and whisked them with a fork.
陈述句	That's it, he said, watching.
陈述句	With the red handle.
陈述句	Bring it here.
并列句	He pierced the lid and showed her how to open the can.
并列句	Now get that little saucepan off the hook and tip them in, he told her.
并列句	She sniffed the beans, and again an expression of pleasure and suspicion entered her eyes.
并列句	She tipped the can into the saucepan and licked a finger, watching as Will shook salt and pepper into the eggs and cut a knob of butter from a package in the fridge into a cast-iron pan.
并列句	He went into the bar to find some matches, and when he came back she was dipping her dirty finger in the bowl of beaten eggs and licking it greedily.
并列句	Her daemon, a cat again, was dipping his paw in it, too, but he backed away when Will came near.
陈述句	It's not cooked yet, Will said, taking it away.
疑问句	When did you last have a meal?
陈述句	At my father's house on Svalbard, she said.
并列句	Days and days ago.
陈述句	I don't know.
并列句	I found bread and stuff here and ate that.
并列句	He lit the gas, melted the butter, poured in the eggs, and let them run all over the base of it.
并列句	Her eyes followed everything greedily, watching him pull the eggs up into soft ridges in the center as they cooked and tilt the pan to let raw egg flow into the space.
并列句	She watched him, too, looking at his face and his working hands and his bare shoulders and his feet.
并列句	When the omelette was cooked he folded it over and cut it in half with the spatula.
并列句	Find a couple of plates, he said, and Lyra obediently did so.
并列句	She seemed quite willing to take orders if she saw the sense of them, so he told her to go and clear a table in front of the cafe.
并列句	He brought out the food and some knives and forks from a drawer, and they sat down together, a little awkwardly.
并列句	She ate hers in less than a minute, and then fidgeted, swinging back and forth on her chair and plucking at the plastic strips of the woven seat while he finished his.
并列句	Her daemon changed yet again, and became a goldfinch, pecking at invisible crumbs on the tabletop.
陈述句	Will ate slowly.
并列句	He'd given her most of the beans, but even so he took much longer than she did.
条件状语从句	The harbor in front of them, the ligr *s along the empty boulevard, the stars in the dark sky above, all hung in the huge silence as if nothing else existed at all.
并列句	And all the time he was intensely aware of the girl.
并列句	She was small and slight, but wiry, and she'd fought like a tiger; his fist had raised a bruise on her cheek, and she was ignoring it.
陈述句	Her expression was a mixture of the very young—when she first tasted the cola—and a kind of deep, sad wariness.
原因状语从句	Her eyes were pale blue, and her hair would be a darkish blond once it was washed; because she was filthy, and she smelled as if she hadn't bathed for days.
疑问句	Laura?
疑问句	Lara?
陈述句	Will said.
陈述句	Lyra.
疑问句	Lyra... Silvertongue?
陈述句	Yes.
疑问句	Where is your world?
疑问句	How did you get here?
陈述句	She shrugged.
陈述句	I walked, she said.
陈述句	It was all foggy.
陈述句	I didn't know where I was going.
陈述句	At least, I knew I was going out of my world.
并列句	But I couldn't see this one till the fog cleared.
陈述句	Then I found myself here.
疑问句	What did you say about dust?
陈述句	Dust, yeah.
陈述句	I'm going to find out about it.
并列句	But this world seems to be empty.
陈述句	There's no one here to ask.
陈述句	I've been here for ...
陈述句	I dunno, three days, maybe four.
并列句	And there's no one here.
并列句	But why do you want to find out about dust?
陈述句	Special Dust, she said shortly.
陈述句	Not ordinary dust, obviously.
陈述句	The daemon changed again.
并列句	He did so in the flick of an eye, and from a goldfinch he became a rat, a powerful pitch-black rat with red eyes.
并列句	Will looked at him with wide wary eyes, and the girl saw his glance.
陈述句	You have got a daemon, she said decisively.
陈述句	Inside you.
陈述句	He didn't know what to say.
陈述句	You have, she went on.
陈述句	You wouldn't be human else.
陈述句	You'd be ... half dead.
陈述句	We seen a kid with his daemon cut away.
陈述句	You en't like that.
条件状语从句	Even if you don't know you've got a daemon, you have.
陈述句	We was scared at first when we saw you.
并列句	Like you was a night-ghast or something.
并列句	But then we saw you weren't like that at all.
疑问句	We?
并列句	Me and Pantalaimon.
陈述句	Us.
并列句	But you, your daemon en't separate from you.
陈述句	It's you.
陈述句	Apart of you.
陈述句	You're part of each other.
疑问句	En't there anyone in your world like us?
疑问句	Are they all like you, with their daemons all hidden away?
并列句	Will looked at the two of them, the skinny pale-eyed girl with her black rat daemon now sitting in her arms, and felt profoundly alone.
陈述句	I'm tired.
陈述句	I'm going to bed, he said.
疑问句	Are you going to stay in this city?
陈述句	Dunno.
陈述句	I've got to find out more about what I'm looking for.
陈述句	There must be some Scholars in this world.
陈述句	There must be someone who knows about it.
陈述句	Maybe not in this world.
并列句	But I came here out of a place called Oxford.
条件状语从句	There's plenty of scholars there, if that's what you want.
陈述句	Oxford?'
陈述句	she cried.
感叹句	That's where I come from!
疑问句	Is there an Oxford in your world, then?
陈述句	You never came from my world.
陈述句	No, she said decisively.
陈述句	Different worlds.
并列句	But in my world there's an Oxford too.
疑问句	We're both speaking English, en't we?
陈述句	Stands to reason there's other things the same.
疑问句	How did you get through?
并列句	Is there a bridge, or what?
陈述句	Just a kind of window in the air.
陈述句	Show me, she said.
陈述句	It was a command, not a request.
陈述句	He shook his head.
陈述句	Not now, he said.
陈述句	I want to sleep.
陈述句	Anyway, it's the middle of the night.
感叹句	Then show me in the morning!
陈述句	All right, I'll show you.
并列句	But I've got my own things to do.
陈述句	You'll have to find your scholars by yourself.
陈述句	Easy, she said.
陈述句	I know all about Scholars.
并列句	He put the plates together and stood up.
陈述句	I cooked, he said, so you can wash the dishes.
陈述句	She looked incredulous.
疑问句	Wash the dishes?
陈述句	she scoffed.
感叹句	There's millions of clean ones lying about!
陈述句	Anyway, I'm not a servant.
陈述句	I'm not going to wash them.
陈述句	So I won't show you the way through.
陈述句	I'll find it by myself.
陈述句	You won't; it's hidden.
陈述句	You'd never find it.
陈述句	Listen, I don't know how long we can stay in this place.
原因状语从句	We've got to eat, so we'll eat what's here, but we'll tidy up afterward and keep the place clean, because we ought to.
陈述句	You wash these dishes.
陈述句	We've got to treat this place right.
陈述句	Now I'm going to bed.
陈述句	I'll have the other room.
陈述句	I'll see you in the morning.
并列句	He went inside, cleaned his teeth with a finger and some toothpaste from his tattered bag, fell on the double bed, and was asleep in a moment.
并列句	* * * Lyra waited till she was sure he was asleep, and then took the dishes into the kitchen and ran them under the tap, rubbing hard with a cloth until they looked clean.
并列句	She did the same with the knives and forks, but the procedure didn't work with the omelette pan, so she tried a bar of yellow soap on it, and picked at it stubbornly until it looked as clean as she thought it was going to.
并列句	Then she dried everything on another cloth and stacked it neatly on the drainboard.
原因状语从句	Because she was still thirsty and because she wanted to try opening a can, she snapped open another cola and took it upstairs.
并列句	She listened outside Will's door and, hearing nothing, tiptoed into the other room and took out the alethiometer from under her pillow.
并列句	She didn't need to be close to Will to ask about him, but she wanted to look anyway, and she turned his door handle as quietly as she could before going in.
并列句	There was a light on the sea front outside shining straight up into the room, and in the glow reflected from the ceiling she looked down at the sleeping boy.
并列句	He was frowning, and his face glistened with sweat.
原因状语从句	He was strong and stocky, not as formed as a grown man, of course, because he wasn't much older than she was, but he'd be powerful one day.
条件状语从句	How much easier if his daemon had been visible!
并列句	She wondered what its form might be, and whether it was fixed yet.
并列句	Whatever its form was, it would express a nature that was savage, and courteous, and unhappy.
陈述句	She tiptoed to the window.
并列句	In the glow from the streetlight she carefully set the hands of the alethiometer, and relaxed her mind into the shape of a question.
并列句	The needle began to sweep around the dial in a series of pauses and swings almost too fast to watch.
疑问句	She had asked: What is he?
并列句	A friend or an enemy?
陈述句	The alethiometer answered: He is a murderer.
陈述句	When she saw the answer, she relaxed at once.
并列句	He could find food, and show her how to reach Oxford, and those were powers that were useful, but he might still have been untrustworthy or cowardly.
陈述句	A murderer was a worthy companion.
陈述句	She felt as safe with him as she'd felt with lorek Byrnison, the armored bear.
并列句	She swung the shutter across the open window so the morning sunlight wouldn't strike in on his face, and tiptoed out.
并列句	TWO AMONG THE WITCHES The witch Serafina Pekkala, who had rescued Lyra and the other children from the experimental station at Bolvangar and flown with her to the island of Svalbard, was deeply troubled.
并列句	In the atmospheric disturbances that followed Lord AsrieFs escape from his exile on Svalbard, she and her companions were blown far from the island and many miles out over the frozen sea.
并列句	Some of them managed to stay with the damaged balloon of Lee Scoresby, the Texan aeronaut, but Serafina herself was tossed high into the banks of fog that soon came rolling in from the gap that Lord AsriePs experiment had torn in the sky.
并列句	When she found herself able to control her flight once more, her first thought was of Lyra; for she knew nothing of the fight between the false bear-king and the true one, lorek Byrnison, nor of what had happened to Lyra after that.
陈述句	So she began to search for her, flying through the cloudy gold-tinged air on her branch of cloud-pine, accompanied by her daemon, Kaisa the snow goose.
并列句	They moved back toward Svalbard and south a little, soaring for several hours under a sky turbulent with strange lights and shadows.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala knew from the unsettling tingle of the light on her skin that it came from another world.
感叹句	After some time had passed, Kaisa said, Look!
并列句	A witch's daemon, lost... Serafina Pekkala looked through the fog banks and saw a tern, circling and crying in the chasms of misty light.
并列句	They wheeled and flew toward him.
并列句	Seeing them come near, the tern darted up in alarm, but Serafina Pekkala signaled friendship, and he dropped down beside them.
疑问句	Serafina Pekkala said, What clan are you from?
陈述句	Taymyr, he told her.
陈述句	My witch is captured.
感叹句	Our companions have been driven away!
感叹句	am lost!
疑问句	Who has captured your witch?
感叹句	The woman with the monkey daemon, from Bolvangar.... Help me!
感叹句	Help us!
感叹句	I am so afraid!
疑问句	Was your clan allied with the child cutters?
陈述句	Yes, until we found out what they were doing.
并列句	After the fight at Bolvangar they drove us off, but my witch was taken prisoner.
陈述句	They have her on a ship.
疑问句	... What can I do?
并列句	She is calling to me and I can't find her!
感叹句	Oh, help, help me!
陈述句	Quiet, said Kaisa, the goose daemon.
陈述句	Listen down below.
并列句	They glided lower, listening with keen ears, and Serafina Pekkala soon made out the beat of a gas engine, muffled by the fog.
陈述句	They can't navigate a ship in fog like this, Kaisa said.
疑问句	What are they doing?
并列句	It's a smaller engine than that, said Serafina Pekkala, and as she spoke there came a new sound from a different direction: a low, brutal, shuddering blast, like some immense sea creature calling from the depths.
并列句	It roared for several seconds and then stopped abruptly.
陈述句	The ship's foghorn, said Serafina Pekkala.
并列句	They wheeled low over the water and cast about again for the sound of the engine.
并列句	Suddenly they found it, for the fog seemed to have patches of different density, and the witch darted up out of sight just in time as a launch came chugging slowly through the swathes of damp air.
并列句	The swell was slow and oily, as if the water was reluctant to rise.
并列句	They swung around and above, the tern daemon keeping close like a child to its mother, and watched the steersman adjust the course slightly as the foghorn boomed again.
并列句	There was a light mounted on the bow, but all it lit up was the fog a few yards in front.
疑问句	Serafina Pekkala said to the lost daemon: Did you say there are still some witches helping these people?
条件状语从句	I think so—a few renegade witches from Volgorsk, unless they've fled too, he told her.
疑问句	What are you going to do?
疑问句	Will you look for my witch?
陈述句	Yes.
并列句	But stay with Kaisa for now.
并列句	Serafina Pekkala flew down toward the launch, leaving the daemons out of sight above, and alighted on the counter just behind the steersman.
并列句	His seagull daemon squawked, and the man turned to look.
疑问句	You taken your time, en't you?
陈述句	he said.
并列句	Get up ahead and guide us in on the port side.
陈述句	She took off again at once.
并列句	It had worked: they still had some witches helping them, and he thought she was one.
并列句	Port was left, she remembered, and the port light was red.
陈述句	She cast about in the fog until she caught its hazy glow no more than a hundred yards away.
并列句	She darted back and hovered above the launch calling directions to the steersman, who slowed the craft down to a crawling pace and brought it in to the ship's gangway ladder that hung just above the water line.
并列句	The steersman called, and a sailor threw a line from above, and another hurried down the ladder to make it fast to the launch.
并列句	Serafina Pekkala flew up to the ship's rail, and retreated to the shadows by the lifeboats.
并列句	She could see no other witches, but they were probably patrolling the skies; Kaisa would know what to do.
并列句	Below, a passenger was leaving the launch and climbing the ladder.
并列句	The figure was fur-swathed, hooded, anonymous; but as it reached the deck, a golden monkey daemon swung himself lightly up on the rail and glared around, his black eyes radiating malevolence.
陈述句	Serafina caught her breath: the figure was Mrs. Coulter.
并列句	A dark-clothed man hurried out on deck to greet her, and looked around as if he were expecting someone else as well.
陈述句	Lord Boreal— he began.
并列句	But Mrs. Coulter interrupted: He has gone on elsewhere.
疑问句	Have they started the torture?
陈述句	Yes, Mrs. Coulter, was the reply, but— I ordered them to wait, she snapped.
疑问句	Have they taken to disobeying me?
陈述句	Perhaps there should be more discipline on this ship.
陈述句	She pushed her hood back.
并列句	Serafina Pekkala saw her face clearly in the yellow light: proud, passionate, and, to the witch, so young.
疑问句	Where are the other witches?
陈述句	she demanded.
陈述句	The man from the ship said, All gone, ma'am.
陈述句	Red to their homeland.
并列句	But a witch guided the launch in, said Mrs. Coulter.
疑问句	Where has she gone?
陈述句	Serafina shrank back; obviously the sailor in the launch hadn't heard the latest state of things.
并列句	The cleric looked around, bewildered, but Mrs. Coulter was too impatient, and after a cursory glance above and along the deck, she shook her head and hurried in with her daemon through the open door that cast a yellow nimbus on the air.
陈述句	The man followed.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala looked around to check her position.
并列句	She was concealed behind a ventilator on the narrow area of decking between the rail and the central superstructure of the ship; and on this level, facing forward below the bridge and the funnel, was a saloon from which windows, not portholes, looked out on three sides.
陈述句	That was where the people had gone in.
并列句	Light spilled thickly from the windows onto the fog-pearled railing, and dimly showed up the foremast and the canvas-covered hatch.
并列句	Everything was wringing wet and beginning to freeze into stiffness.
并列句	No one could see Serafina where she was; but if she wanted to see any more, she would have to leave her hiding place.
陈述句	That was too bad.
并列句	With her pine branch she could escape, and with her knife and her bow she could fight.
并列句	She hid the branch behind the ventilator and slipped along the deck until she reached the first window.
并列句	It was fogged with condensation and impossible to see through, and Serafina could hear no voices, either.
陈述句	She withdrew to the shadows again.
原因状语从句	There was one thing she could do; she was reluctant, because it was desperately risky, and it would leave her exhausted; but it seemed there was no choice.
陈述句	It was a kind of magic she could work to make herself unseen.
并列句	True invisibility was impossible, of course: this was mental magic, a kind of fiercely held modesty that could make the spell worker not invisible but simply unnoticed.
并列句	Holding it with the right degree of intensity, she could pass through a crowded room, or walk f beside a solitary traveler, without being seen.
并列句	So now she composed her mind and brought all her concentration to bear on the matter of altering the way she held herself so as to deflect attention completely.
陈述句	It took some minutes before she was confident.
并列句	She tested it by stepping out of her hiding place and into the path of a sailor coming along the deck with a bag of tools.
陈述句	He stepped aside to avoid her without looking at her once.
陈述句	She was ready.
并列句	She went to the door of the brightly lit saloon and opened it, finding the room empty.
并列句	She left the outer door ajar so that she could flee through it if she needed to, and saw a door at the far end of the room that opened on to a flight of stairs leading down into the bowels of the ship.
并列句	She descended, and found herself in a narrow corridor hung with white-painted pipework and illuminated with anbaric bulkhead lights, which led straight along the length of the hull, with doors opening off it on both sides.
陈述句	She walked quietly along, listening, until she heard voices.
条件状语从句	It sounded as if some kind of council was in session.
并列句	She opened the door and walked in.
并列句	A dozen or so people were seated around a large table.
并列句	One or two of them looked up for a moment, gazed at her absently, and forgot her at once.
并列句	She stood quietly near the door and watched.
并列句	The meeting was being chaired by an elderly man in the robes of a Cardinal, and the rest of them seemed to be clerics of one sort or another, apart from Mrs. Coulter, who was the only woman present.
并列句	Mrs. Coulter had thrown her furs over the back of the chair, and her cheeks were flushed in the heat of the ship's interior.
并列句	Serafina Pekkala looked around carefully and saw someone else in the room as well: a thin-faced man with a frog daemon, seated to one side at a table laden with leather-bound books and loose piles of yellowed paper.
并列句	She thought at first that he was a clerk or a secretary, until she saw what he was doing: he was intently gazing at a golden instrument like a large watch or a compass, stopping every minute or so to note what he found.
并列句	Then he would open one of the books, search laboriously through the index, and look up a reference before writing that down too and turning back to the instrument.
原因状语从句	Serafina looked back to the discussion at the table, because she heard the word witch.
陈述句	She knows something about the child, said one of the clerics.
陈述句	She confessed that she knows something.
陈述句	All the witches know something about her.
陈述句	I am wondering what Mrs. Coulter knows, said the Cardinal.
疑问句	Is there something she should have told us before, I wonder?
陈述句	You will have to speak more plainly than that, said Mrs. Coulter icily.
并列句	You forget I am a woman, Your Eminence, and thus not so subtle as a prince of the Church.
疑问句	What is this truth that I should have known about the child?
并列句	The Cardinal's expression was full of meaning, but he said nothing.
并列句	There was a pause, and then another cleric said almost apologetically: It seems that there is a prophecy.
陈述句	It concerns the child, you see, Mrs. Coulter.
陈述句	All the signs have been fulfilled.
陈述句	The circumstances of her birth, to begin with.
并列句	The gyptians know something about her too—they speak of her in terms of witch oil and marsh fire, uncanny, you see—hence her success in leading the gyptian men to Bolvangar.
并列句	And then there's her astonishing feat of deposing the bear-king lofur Raknison—this is no ordinary child.
陈述句	Fra Pavel can tell us more, perhaps....
并列句	He glanced at the thin-faced man reading the alethiometer, who blinked, rubbed his eyes, and looked at Mrs. Coulter.
陈述句	You may be aware that this is the only alethiometer left, apart from the one in the child's possession, he said.
并列句	All the others have been acquired and destroyed, by order of the Magisterium.
并列句	I learn from this instrument that the child was given hers by the Master of Jordan College, and that she learned to read it by herself, and that she can use it without the books of readings.
原因状语从句	If it were possible to disbelieve the alethiometer, I would do so, because to use the instrument without the books is simply inconceivable to me.
陈述句	It takes decades of diligent study to reach any sort of understanding.
并列句	She began to read it within a few weeks of acquiring it, and now she has an almost complete mastery.
陈述句	She is like no human Scholar I can imagine.
疑问句	Where is she now, Fra Pavel?
陈述句	said the Cardinal.
陈述句	In the other world, said Fra Pavel.
陈述句	It is already late.
感叹句	The witch knows!
陈述句	said another man, whose muskrat dasmon gnawed unceasingly at a pencil.
并列句	It's all in place but for the witch's testimony!
感叹句	I say we should torture her again!
疑问句	What is this prophecy?
陈述句	demanded Mrs. Coulter, who had been getting increasingly angry.
疑问句	How dare you keep it from me?
陈述句	Her power over them was visible.
并列句	The golden monkey glared around the table, and none of them could look him in the face.
陈述句	Only the Cardinal did not flinch.
并列句	His daemon, a macaw, lifted a foot and scratched her head.
陈述句	The witch has hinted at something extraordinary, the Cardinal said.
陈述句	I dare not believe what I think it means.
并列句	If it's true, it places on us the most terrible responsibility men and women have ever faced.
并列句	But I ask you again, Mrs. Coulter—what do you know of the child and her father?
陈述句	Mrs. Coulter had lost her flush.
陈述句	Her face was chalk-white with fury.
疑问句	How dare you interrogate me?
陈述句	she spat.
并列句	And how dare you keep from me what you've learned from the witch?
并列句	And, finally, how dare you assume that I am keeping something from you?
疑问句	D'you think I'm on her side?
并列句	Or perhaps you think I'm on her father's side?
陈述句	Perhaps you think I should be tortured like the witch.
陈述句	Well, we are all under your command, Your Eminence.
并列句	You have only to snap your fingers and you could have me torn apart.
原因状语从句	But if you searched every scrap of flesh for an answer, you wouldn't find one, because I know nothing of this prophecy, nothing whatever.
并列句	And I demand that you tell me what you know.
并列句	My child, my own child, conceived in sin and born in shame, but my child nonetheless, and you keep from me what I have every right to know!
陈述句	Please, said another of the clerics nervously.
陈述句	Please, Mrs. Coulter, the witch hasn't spoken yet; we shall learn more from her.
陈述句	Cardinal Sturrock himself says that she's only hinted at it.
并列句	And suppose the witch doesn't reveal it?
陈述句	Mrs. Coulter said.
疑问句	What then?
疑问句	We guess, do we?
并列句	We shiver and quail and guess?
原因状语从句	Fra Pavel said, No, because that is the question I am now preparing to put to the alethiometer.
并列句	We shall find the answer, whether from the witch or from the books of readings.
并列句	And how long will that take?
并列句	He raised his eyebrows wearily and said, A considerable time.
陈述句	It is an immensely complex question.
并列句	But the witch would tell us at once, said Mrs. Coulter.
并列句	And she rose to her feet.
条件状语从句	As if in awe of her, most of the men did too.
并列句	Only the Cardinal and Fra Pavel remained seated.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala stood back, fiercely holding herself unseen.
并列句	The golden monkey was gnashing his teeth, and all his shimmering fur was standing on end.
陈述句	Mrs. Coulter swung him up to her shoulder.
并列句	So let us go and ask her, she said.
并列句	She turned and swept out into the corridor.
并列句	The men hastened to follow her, jostling and shoving past Serafina Pekkala, who had only time to stand quickly aside, her mind in a turmoil.
陈述句	The last to go was the Cardinal.
原因状语从句	Serafina took a few seconds to compose herself, because her agitation was beginning to make her visible.
并列句	Then she followed the clerics down the corridor and into a smaller room, bare and white and hot, where they were all clustered around the dreadful figure in the center: a witch bound tightly to a steel chair, with agony on her gray face and her legs twisted and broken.
陈述句	Mrs. Coulter stood over her.
陈述句	Serafina took up a position by the door, knowing that she could not stay unseen for long; this was too hard.
陈述句	Tell us about the child, witch, said Mrs. Coulter.
感叹句	No!
陈述句	You will suffer.
陈述句	I have suffered enough.
陈述句	Oh, there is more suffering to come.
陈述句	We have a thousand years of experience in this Church of ours.
陈述句	We can draw out your suffering endlessly.
并列句	Tell us about the child, Mrs. Coulter said, and reached down to break one of the witch's fingers.
陈述句	It snapped easily.
并列句	The witch cried out, and for a clear second Serafina Pekkala became visible to everyone, and one or two of the clerics looked at her, puzzled and fearful; but then she controlled herself again, and they turned back to the torture.
并列句	Mrs. Coulter was saying, If you don't answer I'll break another finger, and then another.
疑问句	What do you know about the child?
陈述句	Tell me.
感叹句	All right!
感叹句	Please, please, no more!
陈述句	Answer then.
并列句	There came another sickening crack, and this time a flood of sobbing broke from the witch.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala could hardly hold herself back.
感叹句	Then came these words, in a shriek: No, no!
感叹句	I'll tell you!
感叹句	I beg you, no more!
陈述句	The child who was to come ...
陈述句	The witches knew who she was before you did.... We found out her name.... We know her name.
疑问句	What name do you mean?
感叹句	Her true name!
感叹句	The name of her destiny!
疑问句	What is this name?
感叹句	Tell me!
陈述句	said Mrs. Coulter.
并列句	No... no... And how?
疑问句	Found out how?
陈述句	There was a test....
并列句	If she was able to pick out one spray of cloud-pine from many others, she would be the child who would come, and it happened at our consul's house at Trollesund, when the child came with the gyptian men....
陈述句	The child with the bear...
陈述句	Her voice gave out.
并列句	Mrs. Coulter gave a little exclamation of impatience, and there came a loud slap, and a groan.
并列句	But what was your prophecy about this child?
并列句	Mrs. Coulter went on, and her voice was all bronze now, and ringing with passion.
并列句	And what is this name that will make her destiny clear?
并列句	Serafina Pekkala moved closer, even among the tight throng of men around the witch, and none of them felt her presence at their very elbows.
并列句	She must end this witch's suffering, and soon, but the strain of holding herself unseen was enormous.
陈述句	She trembled as she took the knife from her waist.
陈述句	The witch was sobbing.
并列句	She is the one who came before, and you have hated and feared her ever since!
并列句	Well, now she has come again, and you failed to find her.... She was there on Svalbard—she was with Lord Asriel, and you lost her.
并列句	She escaped, and she will be— But before she could finish, there came an interruption.
并列句	Through the open doorway there flew a tern, mad with terror, and it beat its wings brokenly as it crashed to the floor and struggled up and darted to the breast of the tortured witch, pressing itself against her, nuzzling, chirruping, crying, and the witch called in anguish, Yambe-Akka!
感叹句	Come to me, come to me!
并列句	No one but Serafina Pekkala understood.
陈述句	Yambe-Akka was the goddess who came to a witch when she was about to die.
并列句	And Serafina was ready.
原因状语从句	She became visible at once and stepped forward smiling happily, because Yambe-Akka was merry and lighthearted and her visits were gifts of joy.
并列句	The witch saw her and turned up her tear-stained face, and Serafina bent to kiss it and slid her knife gently into the witch's heart.
并列句	The tern daemon looked up with dim eyes and vanished.
并列句	And now Serafina Pekkala would have to fight her way out.
并列句	The men were still shocked, disbelieving, but Mrs. Coulter recovered her wits almost at once.
感叹句	Seize her!
感叹句	Don't let her go!
并列句	she cried, but Serafina was already at the door, with an arrow nocked in her bowstring.
并列句	She swung up the bow and loosed the arrow in less than a second, and the Cardinal fell choking and kicking to the floor.
并列句	Out, along the corridor to the stairs, turn, nock, loose, and another man fell; and already a loud jarring bell was filling the ship with its clangor.
并列句	Up the stairs and out onto the deck.
并列句	Two sailors barred her way, and she said, Down there!
感叹句	The prisoner has got loose!
感叹句	Get help!
并列句	That was enough to puzzle them, and they stood undecided, which gave her tune to dodge past and seize her cloud-pine from where she had hidden it behind the ventilator.
感叹句	Shoot her!
并列句	came a cry in Mrs. Coulter's voice from behind, and at once three rifles fired, and the bullets struck metal and whined off into the fog as Serafina leaped on the branch and urged it up like one of her own arrows.
并列句	A few seconds later she was in the air, in the thick of the fog, safe, and then a great goose shape glided out of the wraiths of gray to her side.
疑问句	Where to?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	Away, Kaisa, away, she said.
陈述句	I want to get the stench of these people out of my nose.
并列句	In truth, she didn't know where to go or what to do next.
并列句	But there was one thing she knew for certain: there was an arrow in her quiver that would find its mark in Mrs. Coulter's throat.
并列句	They turned south, away from that troubling other-world gleam in the fog, and as they flew a question began to form more clearly in Serafina's mind.
疑问句	What was Lord Asriel doing?
原因状语从句	Because all the events that had overturned the world had their origin in his mysterious activities.
陈述句	The problem was that the usual sources of her knowledge were natural ones.
并列句	She could track any animal, catch any fish, find the rarest berries; and she could read the signs in the pine marten's entrails, or decipher the wisdom in the scales of a perch, or interpret the warnings in the crocus pollen; but these were children of nature, and they told her natural truths.
陈述句	For knowledge about Lord Asriel, she had to go elsewhere.
并列句	In the port of Trollesund, their consul Dr. Lanselius maintained his contact with the world of men and women, and Serafina Pekkala sped there through the fog to see what he could tell her.
并列句	Before she went to his house she circled over the harbor, where wisps and tendrils of mist drifted ghostlike on the icy water, and watched as the pilot guided in a large vessel with an African registration.
陈述句	There were several other ships riding at anchor outside the harbor.
陈述句	She had never seen so many.
并列句	As the short day faded, she flew down and landed in the back garden of the consul's house.
并列句	She tapped on the window, and Dr. Lanselius himself opened the door, a finger to his lips.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala, greetings, he said.
并列句	Come in quickly, and welcome.
并列句	But you had better not stay long.
陈述句	He offered her a chair at the fireside, having glanced through the curtains out of a window that fronted the street.
陈述句	You'll have some wine?'
并列句	She sipped the golden Tokay and told him of what she had seen and heard aboard the ship.
疑问句	Do you think they understood what she said about the child?
陈述句	he asked.
陈述句	Not fully, I think.
并列句	But they know she is important.
陈述句	As for that woman, I'm afraid of her, Dr. Lanselius.
并列句	I shall kill her, I think, but still I'm afraid of her.
陈述句	Yes, he said.
陈述句	So am I.
并列句	And Serafina listened as he told her of the rumors that had swept the town.
陈述句	Amid the fog of rumor, a few facts had begun to emerge clearly.
并列句	'They say that the Magisterium is assembling the greatest army ever known, and this is an advance party.
并列句	And there are unpleasant rumors about some of the soldiers, Serafina Pekkala.
并列句	I've heard about Bolvangar, and what they were doing there—cutting children's daemons away, the most evil work I've ever heard of.
陈述句	Well, it seems there is a regiment of warriors who have been treated in the same way.
疑问句	Do you know the word zombi?
原因状语从句	They fear nothing, because they're mindless.
陈述句	There are some in this town now.
并列句	The authorities keep them hidden, but word gets out, and the townspeople are terrified of them.
疑问句	What of the other witch clans?
陈述句	said Serafina Pekkala.
疑问句	What news do you have of them?
陈述句	Most have gone back to their homelands.
陈述句	All the witches are waiting, Serafina Pekkala, with fear in their hearts, for what will happen next.
并列句	And what do you hear of the Church?
陈述句	They're in complete confusion.
陈述句	You see, they don't know what Lord Asriel intends to do.
并列句	Nor do I, she said, and I can't imagine what it might be.
疑问句	What do you think he's intending, Dr. Lanselius?
陈述句	He gently rubbed the head of his serpent daemon with his thumb.
并列句	He is a scholar, he said after a moment, but scholarship is not his ruling passion.
陈述句	Nor is statesmanship.
并列句	I met him once, and I thought he had an ardent and powerful nature, but not a despotic one.
陈述句	I don't think he wants to rule....
陈述句	I don't know, Serafina Pekkala.
陈述句	I suppose his servant might be able to tell you.
并列句	He is a man called Thorold, and he was imprisoned with Lord Asriel in the house on Svalbard.
并列句	It might be worth a visit there to see if he can tell you anything; but, of course, he might have gone into the other world with his master.
陈述句	Thank you.
陈述句	That's a good idea....
陈述句	I'll do it.
并列句	And I'll go at once.
并列句	She said farewell to the consul and flew up through the gathering dark to join Kaisa in the clouds.
陈述句	Serafina's journey to the north was made harder by the confusion in the world around her.
并列句	All the Arctic peoples had been thrown into panic, and so had the animals, not only by the fog and the magnetic variations but by unseasonal crackings of ice and stirrings in the soil.
条件状语从句	It was as if the earth itself, the permafrost, were slowly awakening from a long dream of being frozen.
并列句	In all this turmoil, where sudden shafts of uncanny brilliance lanced down through rents in towers of fog and then vanished as quickly, where herds of muskox were seized by the urge to gallop south and then wheeled immediately to the west or the north again, where tight-knit skeins of geese disintegrated into a honking chaos as the magnetic fields they flew by wavered and snapped this way and that, Serafina Pekkala sat on her cloud-pine and flew north, to the house on the headland in the wastes of Svalbard.
陈述句	There she found Lord Asriel's servant, Thorold, fighting off a group of cliff-ghasts.
陈述句	She saw the movement before she came close enough to see what was happening.
并列句	There was a swirl of lunging leathery wings, and a malevolent yowk-yowk-yowk resounding in the snowy courtyard.
并列句	A single figure swathed in furs fired a rifle into the midst of them with a gaunt dog daemon snarling and snapping beside him whenever one of the filthy things flew low enough.
并列句	She didn't know the man, but a cliff-ghast was an enemy always.
并列句	She swung around above and loosed a dozen arrows into the melee.
并列句	With shrieks and gibberings, the gang—too loosely organized to be called a troop—circled, saw their new opponent, and fled in confusion.
并列句	A minute later the skies were bare again, and their dismayed yowk-yowk-yowk echoed distantly off the mountains before dwindling into silence.
并列句	Serafina flew down to the courtyard and alighted on the trampled, blood-sprinkled snow.
原因状语从句	The man pushed back his hood, still holding his rifle warily, because a witch was an enemy sometimes, and she saw an elderly man, long-jawed and grizzled and steady-eyed.
陈述句	I am a friend of Lyra's, she said.
陈述句	I hope we can talk.
陈述句	Look: I lay my bow down.
疑问句	Where is the child?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	In another world.
陈述句	I'm concerned for her safety.
并列句	And I need to know what Lord Asriel is doing.
并列句	He lowered the rifle and said, Step inside, then.
陈述句	Look: I lay my rifle down.
陈述句	The formalities exchanged, they went indoors.
并列句	Kaisa glided through the skies above, keeping watch, while Thorold brewed some coffee and Serafina told him of her involvement with Lyra.
陈述句	She was always a willful child, he said when they were seated at the oaken table in the glow of a naphtha lamp.
并列句	I'd see her every year or so when his lordship visited his college.
陈述句	I was fond of her, mind—you couldn't help it.
并列句	But what her place was in the wider scheme of things, I don't know.
疑问句	What was Lord Asriel planning to do?
疑问句	You don't think he told me, do you, Serafina Pekkala?
陈述句	I'm his manservant, that's all.
并列句	I clean his clothes and cook his meals and keep his house tidy.
并列句	I may have learned a thing or two in the years I been with his lordship, but only by picking 'em up accidental.
陈述句	He wouldn't confide in me any more than in his shaving mug.
并列句	Then tell me the thing or two you've learned by accident, she insisted.
并列句	Thorold was an elderly man, but he was healthy and vigorous, and he felt flattered by the attention of this young witch and her beauty, as any man would.
并列句	He was shrewd, though, too, and he knew the attention was not really on him but on what he knew; and he was honest, so he did not draw out his telling for much longer than he needed.
原因状语从句	I can't tell you precisely what he's doing, he said, because all the philosophical details are beyond my grasp.
并列句	But I can tell you what drives his lordship, though he doesn't know I know.
陈述句	I've seen this in a hundred little signs.
并列句	Correct me if I'm wrong, but the witch people have different gods from ours, en't that right?
陈述句	Yes, that's true.
并列句	But you know about our God?
疑问句	The God of the Church, the one they call the Authority?
陈述句	Yes, I do.
陈述句	Well, Lord Asriel has never found hisself at ease with the doctrines of the Church, so to speak.
并列句	I've seen a spasm of disgust cross his face when they talk of the sacraments, and atonement, and redemption, and suchlike.
并列句	It's death among our people, Serafina Pekkala, to challenge the Church, but Lord Asriel's been nursing a rebellion in his heart for as long as I've served him, that's one thing I do know.
疑问句	A rebellion against the Church?
陈述句	Partly, aye.
并列句	There was a time when he thought of making it an issue of force, but he turned away from that.
疑问句	Why?
疑问句	Was the Church too strong?
陈述句	No, said the old servant, that wouldn't stop my master.
并列句	Now this might sound strange to you, Serafina Pekkala, but I know the man better than any wife could know him, better than a mother.
并列句	He's been my master and my study for nigh on forty years.
并列句	I can't follow him to the height of his thought any more than I can fly, but I can see where he's a-heading even if I can't go after him.
原因状语从句	No, it's my belief he turned away from a rebellion against the Church not because the Church was too strong, but because it was too weak to be worth the fighting.
疑问句	So... what is he doing?
陈述句	I think he's a-waging a higher war than that.
陈述句	I think he's aiming a rebellion against the highest power of all.
并列句	He's gone a-searching for the dwelling place of the Authority Himself, and he's a-going to destroy Him.
陈述句	That's what I think.
陈述句	It shakes my heart to voice it, ma'am.
陈述句	I hardly dare think of it.
并列句	But I can't put together any other story that makes sense of what he's doing.
陈述句	Serafina sat quiet for a few moments, absorbing what Thorold had said.
陈述句	Before she could speak, he went on: 'Course, anyone setting out to do a grand thing like that would be the target of the Church's anger.
陈述句	Goes without saying.
陈述句	It'd be the most gigantic blasphemy, that's what they'd say.
并列句	They'd have him before the Consistorial Court and sentenced to death before you could blink.
并列句	I've never spoke of it before and I shan't again; I'd be afraid to speak it aloud to you if you weren't a witch and beyond the power of the Church; but that makes sense, and nothing else does.
并列句	He's a-going to find the Authority and kill Him.
疑问句	Is that possible?
陈述句	said Serafina.
陈述句	Lord Asriel's life has been filled with things that were impossible.
陈述句	I wouldn't like to say there was anything he couldn't do.
并列句	But on the face of it, Serafina Pekkala, yes, he's stark mad.
条件状语从句	If angels couldn't do it, how can a man dare to think about it?
疑问句	Angels?
疑问句	What are angels?
陈述句	Beings of pure spirit, the Church says.
并列句	The Church teaches that some of the angels rebelled before the world was created, and got flung out of heaven and into hell.
陈述句	They failed, you see, that's the point.
陈述句	They couldn't do it.
并列句	And they had the power of angels.
陈述句	Lord Asriel is just a man, with human power, no more than that.
并列句	But his ambition is limitless.
并列句	He dares to do what men and women don't even dare to think.
并列句	And look what he's done already: he's torn open the sky, he's opened the way to another world.
疑问句	Who else has ever done that?
疑问句	Who else could think of it?
陈述句	So with one part of me, Serafina Pekkala, I say he's mad, wicked, deranged.
陈述句	Yet with another part I think, he's Lord Asriel, he's not like other men.
并列句	Maybe ... if it was ever going to be possible, it'd be done by him and by no one else.
并列句	And what will you do, Thorold?
并列句	I'll stay here and wait.
并列句	I'll guard this house till he comes back and tells me different, or till I die.
并列句	And now I might ask you the same question, ma'am.
陈述句	I'm going to make sure the child is safe, she said.
陈述句	It might be that I have to pass this way again, Thorold.
陈述句	I'm glad to know that you will still be here.
陈述句	I won't budge, he told her.
并列句	She refused Thorold's offer of food, and said good-bye.
并列句	A minute or so later she joined her goose daemon again, and the daemon kept silence with her as they soared and wheeled above the foggy mountains.
并列句	She was deeply troubled, and there was no need to explain: every strand of moss, every icy puddle, every midge in her homeland thrilled against her nerves and called her back.
并列句	She felt fear for them, but fear of herself, too, for she was having to change.
陈述句	These were human affairs she was inquiring into, this was a human matter; Lord Asriel's god was not hers.
疑问句	Was she becoming human?
疑问句	Was she losing her witchhood?
条件状语从句	If she were, she could not do it alone.
陈述句	Home now, she said.
陈述句	We must talk to our sisters, Kaisa.
陈述句	These events are too big for us alone.
并列句	And they sped through the roiling banks of fog toward Lake Enara and home.
并列句	* * * In the forested caves beside the lake they found the others of their clan, and Lee Scoresby, too.
并列句	The aeronaut had struggled to keep his balloon aloft after the crash at Svalbard, and the witches had guided him to their homeland, where he had begun to repair the damage to his basket and the gasbag.
陈述句	Ma'am, I'm very glad to see you, he said.
疑问句	Any news of the little girl?
陈述句	None, Mr. Scoresby.
并列句	Will you join our council tonight and help us discuss what to do?
陈述句	The Texan blinked with surprise, for no man had ever been known to join a witch council.
陈述句	I'd be greatly honored, he said.
并列句	I may have a suggestion or two of my own.
并列句	All through that day the witches came, like flakes of black snow on the wings of a storm, filling the skies with the darting flutter of their silk and the swish of air through the needles of their cloud-pine branches.
并列句	Men who hunted in the dripping forests or fished among melting ice floes heard the skywide whisper through the fog, and if the sky was clear, they would look up to see the witches flying, like scraps of darkness drifting on a secret tide.
并列句	By evening the pines around the lake were lit from below by a hundred fires, and the greatest fire of all was built in front of the gathering cave.
陈述句	There, once they had eaten, the witches assembled.
陈述句	Serafina Pekkala sat in the center, the crown of little scarlet flowers nestling among her fair hair.
并列句	On her left sat Lee Scoresby, and on her right, a visitor: the queen of the Latvian witches, whose name was Ruta Skadi.
陈述句	She had arrived only an hour before, to Serafina's surprise.
并列句	Serafina had thought Mrs. Coulter beautiful, for a short-life; but Ruta Skadi was as lovely as Mrs. Coulter, with an extra dimension of the mysterious, the uncanny.
并列句	She had trafficked with spirits, and it snowed.
并列句	She was vivid and passionate, with large black eyes; it was said that Lord Asriel himself had been her lover.
并列句	She wore heavy gold earrings and a crown on her black curly hair ringed with the fangs of snow tigers.
原因状语从句	Serafina's daemon, Kaisa, had learned from Ruta Skadi's daemon that she had killed the tigers herself in order to punish the Tartar tribe who worshiped them, because the tribesmen had failed to do her honor when she had visited their territory.
并列句	Without their tiger gods, the tribe declined into fear and melancholy and begged her to allow them to worship her instead, only to be rejected with contempt; for what good would their worship do her?
陈述句	she asked.
陈述句	It had done nothing for the tigers.
并列句	Such was Ruta Skadi: beautiful, proud, and pitiless.
并列句	Serafina was not sure why she had come, but made the queen welcome, and etiquette demanded that Ruta Skadi should sit on Serafina's right.
陈述句	When they were all assembled, Serafina began to speak.
感叹句	Sisters!
陈述句	You know why we have come together: we must decide what to do about these new events.
并列句	The universe is broken wide, and Lord Asriel has opened the way from this world to another.
并列句	Should we concern ourselves with it, or live our lives as we have done until now, looking after our own affairs?
陈述句	Then there is the matter of the child Lyra Belacqua, now called Lyra Silvertongue by King lorek Byrnison.
并列句	She chose the right cloud-pine spray at the house of Dr. Lanselius: she is the child we have always expected, and now she has vanished.
陈述句	We have two guests, who will tell us their thoughts.
陈述句	First we shall hear Queen Ruta Skadi.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi stood.
陈述句	Her white arms gleamed in the firelight; her eyes glittered so brightly that even the farthest witch could see the play of expression on her vivid face.
并列句	Sisters, she began, let me tell you what is happening, and who it is that we must fight.
陈述句	For there is a war coming.
并列句	I don't know who will join with us, but I know whom we must fight.
陈述句	It is the Magisterium, the Church.
并列句	For all its history— and that's not long by our lives, but it's many, many of theirs—it's tried to suppress and control every natural impulse.
并列句	And when it can't control them, it cuts them out.
陈述句	Some of you have seen what they did at Bolvangar.
并列句	And that was horrible, but it is not the only such place, not the only such practice.
陈述句	Sisters, you know only the north; I have traveled in the south lands.
并列句	There are churches there, believe me, that cut their children too, as the people of Bolvangar did—not in the same way, but just as horribly.
并列句	They cut their sexual organs, yes, both boys and girls; they cut them with knives so that they shan't feel.
并列句	That is what the Church does, and every church is the same: control, destroy, obliterate every good feeling.
并列句	So if a war comes, and the Church is on one side of it, we must be on the other, no matter what strange allies we find ourselves bound to.
并列句	What I propose is that our clans join together and go north to explore this new world, and see what we can discover there.
原因状语从句	If the child is not to be found in our world, it's because she will have gone after Lord Asriel already.
并列句	And Lord Asriel is the key to this, believe me.
原因状语从句	He was my lover once, and I would willingly join forces with him, because he hates the Church and all it does.
陈述句	That is what I have to say.
并列句	Ruta Skadi spoke passionately, and Serafina admired her power and her beauty.
陈述句	When the Latvian queen sat down, Serafina turned to Lee Scoresby.
并列句	Mr. Scoresby is a friend of the child's, and thus a friend of ours, she said.
疑问句	Would you tell us your thoughts, sir?
并列句	The Texan got to his feet, whiplash-lean and courteous.
并列句	He looked as if he were not conscious of the strangeness of the occasion, but he was.
陈述句	His hare daemon, Hester, crouched beside him, her ears flat along her back, her golden eyes half closed.
并列句	Ma'am, he said, I have to thank you all first for the kindness you've shown to me, and the help you extended to an aeronaut battered by winds that came from another world.
陈述句	I won't trespass long on your patience.
陈述句	When I was traveling north to Bolvangar with the gyptians, the child Lyra told me about something that happened in the college she used to live in, back in Oxford.
并列句	Lord Asriel had shown the other scholars the severed head of a man called Stanislaus Grumman, and that kinda persuaded them to give him some money to come north and find out what had happened.
陈述句	Now, the child was so sure of what she'd seen that I didn't like to question her too much.
并列句	But what she said made a kind of memory come to my mind, except that I couldn't reach it clearly.
陈述句	I knew something about this Dr. Grumman.
并列句	And it was only on the flight here from Svalbard that I remembered what it was.
陈述句	It was an old hunter from Tungusk who told me.
陈述句	It seems that Grumman knew the whereabouts of some kind of object that gives protection to whoever holds it.
并列句	I don't want to belittle the magic that you witches can command, but this thing, whatever it is, has a kind of power that outclasses anything I've ever heard of.
原因状语从句	And I thought I might postpone my retirement to Texas because of my concern for that child, and search for Dr. Grumman.
陈述句	You see, I don't think he's dead.
陈述句	I think Lord Asriel was fooling those scholars.
并列句	So I'm going to Nova Zembla, where I last heard of him alive, and I'm going to search for him.
并列句	I cain't see the future, but I can see the present clear enough.
并列句	And I'm with you in this war, for what my bullets are worth.
并列句	But that's the task I'm going to take on, ma'am, he concluded, turning back to Serafina Pekkala.
并列句	I'm going to seek out Stanislaus Grumman and find out what he knows, and if I can find that object he knows of, I'll take it to Lyra.
疑问句	Serafina said, Have you been married, Mr. Scoresby?
疑问句	Have you any children?
让步状语从句	No, ma'am, I have no child, though I would have liked to be a father.
并列句	But I understand your question, and you're right: that little girl has had bad luck with her true parents, and maybe I can f make it up to her.
并列句	Someone has to do it, and I'm willing.
陈述句	Thank you, Mr. Scoresby, she said.
并列句	And she took off her crown, and plucked from it one of the little scarlet flowers that, while she wore them, remained as fresh as if they had just been picked.
并列句	'Take this with you, she said, and whenever you need my help, hold it in your hand and call to me.
陈述句	I shall hear you, wherever you are.
陈述句	Why, thank you, ma'am, he said, surprised.
并列句	He took the little flower and tucked it carefully into his breast pocket.
并列句	And we shall call up a wind to help you to Nova Zembla, Serafina Pekkala told him.
疑问句	Now, sisters, who would like to speak?
陈述句	The council proper began.
并列句	The witches were democratic, up to a point; every witch, even the youngest, had the right to speak, but only their queen had the power to decide.
并列句	The talk lasted all night, with many passionate voices for open war at once, and some others urging caution, and a few, though those were the wisest, suggesting a mission to all the other witch clans to urge them to join together for the first time.
并列句	Ruta Skadi agreed with that, and Serafina sent out messengers at once.
并列句	As for what they should do immediately, Serafina picked out twenty of her finest fighters and ordered them to prepare to fly north with her, into the new world that Lord Asriel had opened, and search for Lyra.
疑问句	What of you, Queen Ruta Skadi?
陈述句	Serafina said finally.
疑问句	What are your plans?
并列句	I shall search for Lord Asriel, and learn what he's doing from his own lips.
并列句	And it seems that the way he's gone is northward too.
疑问句	May I come the first part of the journey with you, sister?
并列句	You may, and welcome, said Serafina, who was glad to have her company.
陈述句	So they agreed.
并列句	But soon after the council had broken up, an elderly witch came to Serafina Pekkala and said, You had better listen to what Juta Kamainen has to say, Queen.
并列句	She's headstrong, but it might be important.
并列句	The young witch Juta Kamainen—young by witch standards, that is; she was only just over a hundred years old—was stubborn and embarrassed, and her robin daemon was agitated, flying from her shoulder to her hand and circling high above her before settling again briefly on her shoulder.
并列句	The witch's cheeks were plump and red; she had a vivid and passionate nature.
陈述句	Serafina didn't know her well.
陈述句	Queen, said the young witch, unable to stay silent under Serafina's gaze, I know the man Stanislaus Grumman.
陈述句	I used to love him.
并列句	But I hate him now with such a fervor that if I see him, I shall kill him.
并列句	I would have said nothing, but my sister made me tell you.
陈述句	She glanced with hatred at the elder witch, who returned her look with compassion: she knew about love.
条件状语从句	Well, said Serafina, if he is still alive, he'll have to stay alive until Mr. Scoresby finds him.
并列句	You had better come with us into the new world, and then there'll be no danger of your killing him first.
陈述句	Forget him, Juta Kamainen.
陈述句	Love makes us suffer.
并列句	But this task of ours is greater than revenge.
陈述句	Remember that.
陈述句	Yes, Queen, said the young witch humbly.
并列句	And Serafina Pekkala and her twenty-one companions and Queen Ruta Skadi of Latvia prepared to fly into the new world, where no witch had ever flown before.
陈述句	THREE A CHILDREN'S WORLD Lyra was awake early.
并列句	She'd had a horrible dream: she had been given the vacuum flask she'd seen her father, Lord Asriel, show to the Master and Scholars of Jordan College.
并列句	When that had really happened, Lyra had been hiding in the wardrobe, and she'd watched as Lord Asriel opened the flask to show the Scholars the severed head of Stanislaus Grumman, the lost explorer; but in her dream, Lyra had to open the flask herself, and she didn't want to.
陈述句	In fact, she was terrified.
并列句	But she had to do it, whether she wanted to or not, and she felt her hands weakening with dread as she undipped the lid and heard the air rash into the frozen chamber.
并列句	Then she lifted the lid away, nearly choking with fear but knowing she had to—she had to do it.
并列句	And there was nothing inside.
陈述句	The head had gone.
陈述句	There was nothing to be afraid of.
并列句	But she awoke all the same, crying and sweating, in the hot little bedroom facing the harbor, with the moonlight streaming through the window, and lay in someone else's bed clutching someone else's pillow, with the ermine Pantalaimon nuzzling her and making soothing noises.
感叹句	Oh, she was so frightened!
并列句	And how odd it was, that in real life she had been eager to see the head of Stanislaus Grumman, and had begged Lord Asriel to open the flask again and let her look, and yet in her dream she was so terrified.
并列句	When morning came, she asked the alethiometer what the dream meant, but all it said was, It was a dream about a head.
并列句	She thought of waking the strange boy, but he was so deeply asleep that she decided not to.
并列句	Instead, she went down to the kitchen and tried to make an omelette, and twenty minutes later she sat down at a table on the pavement and ate the blackened, gritty thing with great pride while the sparrow Pantalaimon pecked at the bits of shell.
并列句	She heard a sound behind her, and there was Will, heavy-eyed with sleep.
陈述句	I can make omelette, she said.
条件状语从句	I'll make you some if you like.
并列句	He looked at her plate and said, No, I'll have some cereal.
陈述句	There's still some milk in the fridge that's all right.
陈述句	They can't have been gone very long, the people who lived here.
并列句	She watched him shake corn flakes into a bowl and pour milk on them—something else she'd never seen before.
并列句	He carried the bowl outside and said, If you don't come from this world, where's your world?
疑问句	How did you get here?
陈述句	Over a bridge.
并列句	My father made this bridge, and ...
陈述句	I followed him across.
并列句	But he's gone somewhere else, I don't know where.
陈述句	I don't care.
并列句	But while I was walking across there was so much fog, and I got lost, I think.
并列句	I walked around in the fog for days just eating berries and stuff I found.
并列句	Then one day the fog cleared, and we was up on that cliff back there— She gestured behind her.
并列句	Will looked along the shore, past the lighthouse, and saw the coast rising in a great series of cliffs that disappeared into the haze of the distance.
并列句	And we saw the town here, and came down, but there was no one here.
并列句	At least there were things to eat and beds to sleep in.
陈述句	We didn't know what to do next.
疑问句	You sure this isn't another part of your world?
陈述句	'Course.
陈述句	This en't my world, I know that for certain.
并列句	Will remembered his own absolute certainty, on seeing the patch of grass through the window in the air, that it wasn't in his world, and he nodded.
陈述句	So there's three worlds at least that are joined on, he said.
并列句	There's millions and millions, Lyra said.
陈述句	This other daemon told me.
陈述句	He was a witch's daemon.
并列句	No one can count how many worlds there are, all in the same space, but no one could get from one to another before my father made this bridge.
疑问句	What about the window I found?
陈述句	I dunno about that.
陈述句	Maybe all the worlds are starting to move into one another.
并列句	And why are you looking for dust?
陈述句	She looked at him coldly.
陈述句	I might tell you sometime, she said.
陈述句	All right.
并列句	But how are you going to look for it?
陈述句	I'm going to find a Scholar who knows about it.
疑问句	What, any scholar?
陈述句	No.
陈述句	An experimental theologian, she said.
陈述句	In my Oxford, they were the ones who knew about it.
陈述句	Stands to reason it'll be the same in your Oxford.
原因状语从句	I'll go to Jordan College first, because Jordan had the best ones.
陈述句	I never heard of experimental theology, he said.
并列句	They know all about elementary particles and fundamental forces, she explained.
并列句	And anbaromagnetism, stuff like that.
陈述句	Atomcraft.
疑问句	What-magnetism?
陈述句	Anbaromagnetism.
陈述句	Like anbaric.
陈述句	Those lights, she said, pointing up at the ornamental streetlight.
陈述句	They're anbaric.
陈述句	We call them electric.
陈述句	Electric ... that's like electrum.
陈述句	That's a kind of stone, a jewel, made out of gum from bees.
陈述句	There's bisects in it, sometimes.
并列句	You mean amber, he said, and they both said, Anbar... And each of them saw their own expression on the other's face.
陈述句	Will remembered that moment for a long time afterward.
陈述句	Well, electromagnetism, he went on, looking away.
陈述句	Sounds like what we call physics, your experimental theology.
陈述句	You want scientists, not theologians.
陈述句	Ah, she said warily.
陈述句	I'll find em.
原因状语从句	They sat hi the wide clear morning, with the sun glittering placidly on the harbor, and each of them might have spoken next, because both of them were burning with questions; but then they heard a voice from farther along the harbor front, toward the casino gardens.
陈述句	Both of them looked there, startled.
并列句	It was a child's voice, but there was no one in sight.
陈述句	Will said to Lyra quietly, How long did you say you'd been herer Three days, four—I lost count.
陈述句	I never seen anyone.
陈述句	There's no one here.
陈述句	I looked almost everywhere.
并列句	But there was.
并列句	Two children, one a girl of Lyra's age and the other a younger boy, came out of one of the streets leading down to the harbor.
并列句	They were carrying baskets, and both had red hair.
并列句	They were about a hundred yards away when they saw Will and Lyra at the cafe table.
并列句	Pantalaimon changed from a goldfinch to a mouse and ran up Lyra's arm to the pocket of her shirt.
陈述句	He'd seen that these new children were like Will: neither of them had a dsmon visible.
并列句	The two children wandered up and sat at a table nearby.
疑问句	You from Ci'gazze?
陈述句	the girl said.
陈述句	Will shook his head.
疑问句	From Sant'Elia?
陈述句	No, said Lyra.
陈述句	We're from somewhere else.
陈述句	The girl nodded.
陈述句	This was a reasonable reply.
疑问句	What's happening?
陈述句	said Will.
疑问句	Where are the grownups?
陈述句	The girl's eyes narrowed.
疑问句	Didn't the Specters come to your city?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	No, Will said.
陈述句	We just got here.
陈述句	We don't know about Specters.
疑问句	What is this city called?
陈述句	Ci'gazze, the girl said suspiciously.
陈述句	Cittagazze, all right.
陈述句	Cittagazze, Lyra repeated.
陈述句	Ci'gazze.
疑问句	Why do the grown-ups have to leave?
原因状语从句	Because of the Specters, the girl said with weary scorn.
疑问句	What's your name?
陈述句	Lyra.
并列句	And he's Will.
疑问句	What's yours?
陈述句	Angelica.
陈述句	My brother is Paolo.
疑问句	Where've you come from?
陈述句	Up the hills.
并列句	There was a big fog and storm and everyone was frightened, so we all run up in the hills.
陈述句	Then when the fog cleared, the grownups could see with telescopes that the city was full of Specters, so they couldn't come back.
并列句	But the kids, we ain' afraid of Specters, all right.
陈述句	There's more kids coming down.
并列句	They be here later, but we're first.
并列句	Us and Tullio, said little Paolo proudly.
疑问句	Who's Tullio?
并列句	Angelica was cross: Paolo shouldn't have mentioned him, but the secret was out now.
陈述句	Our big brother, she said.
陈述句	He ain' with us.
陈述句	He's hiding till he can ...
陈述句	He's just hiding.
并列句	He's gonna get— Paolo began, but Angelica smacked him hard, and he shut his mouth at once, pressing his quivering lips together.
疑问句	What did you say about the city?
陈述句	said Will.
疑问句	It's full of Specters?
陈述句	Yeah, Ci'gazze, Sant'Elia, all cities.
陈述句	The Specters go where the people are.
疑问句	Where you from?
陈述句	Winchester, said Will.
陈述句	I never heard of it.
疑问句	They ain' got Specters there?
陈述句	No.
陈述句	I can't see any here, either.
感叹句	'Course not!
陈述句	she crowed.
感叹句	You ain' grown up!
陈述句	When we grow up, we see Specters.
陈述句	I ain' afraid of Specters, all right, the little boy said, thrusting forward his grubby chin.
陈述句	Kill the buggers.
疑问句	En't the grownups going to come back at all?
陈述句	said Lyra.
陈述句	Yeah, in a few days, said Angelica.
陈述句	When the Specters go somewhere else.
陈述句	We like it when the Specters come, 'cause we can run about in the city, do what we like, all right.
并列句	But what do the grownups think the Specters will do to them?
陈述句	Will said.
陈述句	Well, when a Specter catch a grownup, that's bad to see.
并列句	They eat the life out of them there and then, all right.
陈述句	I don't want to be grown up, for sure.
并列句	At first they know it's happening, and they're afraid; they cry and cry.
并列句	They try and look away and pretend it ain' happening, but it is.
陈述句	It's too late.
并列句	And no one ain' gonna go near them, they on they own.
并列句	Then they get pale and they stop moving.
并列句	They still alive, but it's like they been eaten from inside.
陈述句	You look in they eyes, you see the back of they heads.
陈述句	Ain' nothing there.
并列句	The girl turned to her brother and wiped his nose on the sleeve of his shirt.
并列句	Me and Paolo's going to look for ice creams, she said.
并列句	You want to come and find some?
陈述句	No, said Will, we got something else to do.
并列句	Good-bye, then, she said, and Paolo said, Kill the Specters!
陈述句	Good-bye, said Lyra.
并列句	As soon as Angelica and the little boy had vanished, Panta-laimon appeared from Lyra's pocket, his mouse head ruffled and bright-eyed.
陈述句	He said to Will, They don't know about this window you found.
并列句	It was the first time Will had heard him speak, and he was almost more startled by that than by anything else he'd seen so far.
陈述句	Lyra laughed at his astonishment.
感叹句	He—but he spoke!
疑问句	Do all daemons talk?
陈述句	Will said.
感叹句	'Course they do!
陈述句	said Lyra.
并列句	Did you think he was just a pet?” Will rubbed his hair and blinked.
陈述句	Then he shook his head.
陈述句	No, he said, addressing Pantalaimon.
陈述句	You're right, I think.
陈述句	They don't know about it.
陈述句	So we better be careful how we go through, Pantalaimon said.
陈述句	It was strange for only a moment, talking to a mouse.
原因状语从句	Then it was no more strange than talking into a telephone, because he was really talking to Lyra.
并列句	But the mouse was separate; there was something of Lyra in his expression, but something else too.
陈述句	It was too hard to work out, when there were so many strange things happening at once.
陈述句	Will tried to bring his thoughts together.
陈述句	You got to find some other clothes first, he said to Lyra, before you go into my Oxford.
疑问句	Why?
陈述句	she said stubbornly.
原因状语从句	Because you can't go and talk to people in my world looking like that; they wouldn't let you near them.
条件状语从句	You got to look as if you fit in.
陈述句	You got to go about camouflaged.
陈述句	I know, see.
陈述句	I've been doing it for years.
并列句	You better listen to me or you'll get caught, and if they find out where you come from, and the window, and everything ... Well, this is a good hiding place, this world.
陈述句	See, I'm ...
陈述句	I got to hide from some men.
并列句	This is the best hiding place I could dream of, and I don't want it found out.
并列句	So I don't want you giving it away by looking out of place or as if you don't belong.
并列句	1 got my own things to do in Oxford, and if you give me away, I'll kill you.
陈述句	She swallowed.
并列句	The alethiometer never lied: this boy was a murderer, and if he'd killed before, he could kill her, too.
并列句	She nodded seriously, and she meant it.
陈述句	All right, she said.
并列句	Pantalaimon had become a lemur, and was gazing at him with disconcerting wide eyes.
并列句	Will stared back, and the daemon became a mouse once more and crept into Lyra's pocket.
陈述句	Good, he said.
陈述句	Now, while we're here, we'll pretend to these other kids that we just come from somewhere in their world.
陈述句	It's good there aren't any grownups about.
并列句	We can just come and go and no one'11 notice.
并列句	But in my world, you got to do as I say.
并列句	And the first thing is you better wash yourself.
并列句	You need to look clean, or you'll stand out.
陈述句	We got to be camouflaged everywhere we go.
条件状语从句	We got to look as if we belong there so naturally that people don't even notice us.
并列句	So go and wash your hair for a start.
陈述句	There's some shampoo in the bathroom.
并列句	Then we'll go and find some different clothes.
陈述句	I dunno how, she said.
陈述句	I never washed my hair.
并列句	The housekeeper done it at Jordan, and then I never needed to after that.
陈述句	Well, you'll just have to work it out, he said.
陈述句	Wash yourself all over.
陈述句	In my world people are clean.
并列句	Hmm, said Lyra, and went upstairs.
并列句	A ferocious rat face glared at him over her shoulder, but he looked back coldly.
并列句	Part of him wanted to wander about this sunny silent morning exploring the city, and another part trembled with anxiety for his mother, and another part was still numb with shock at the death he'd caused.
并列句	And overhanging them all was the task he had to do.
并列句	But it was good to keep busy, so while he waited for Lyra, he cleaned the working surfaces in the kitchen, and washed the floor, and emptied the rubbish into the bin he found in the alley outside.
并列句	Then he took the green leather writing case from his tote bag and looked at it longingly.
并列句	As soon as he'd shown Lyra how to get through the window into his Oxford, he'd come back and look at what was inside; but in the meanwhile, he tucked it under the mattress of the bed he'd slept in.
陈述句	In this world, it was safe.
并列句	When Lyra came down, clean and wet, they left to look for some clothes for her.
并列句	They found a department store, shabby like everywhere else, with clothes in styles that looked a little old-fashioned to Will's eye, but they found Lyra a tartan skirt and a green sleeveless blouse with a pocket for Pantalaimon.
陈述句	She refused to wear jeans, refused even to believe Will when he told her that most girls did.
陈述句	They're trousers, she said.
陈述句	I'm a girl.
陈述句	Don't be stupid.
陈述句	He shrugged; the tartan skirt looked unremarkable, which was the main thing.
陈述句	Before they left, Will dropped some coins in the till behind the counter.
疑问句	What you doing?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Paying.
陈述句	You have to pay for things.
疑问句	Don't they pay for things in your world?
感叹句	They don't in this one!
陈述句	I bet those other kids en't paying for a thing.
并列句	They might not, but I do.
并列句	If you start behaving like a grownup, the Specters'11 get you, she said, but she didn't know whether she could tease him yet or whether she should be afraid of him.
并列句	In the daylight, Will could see how ancient the buildings in the heart of the city were, and how near to ruin some of them had come.
陈述句	Holes in the road had not been repaired; windows were broken; plaster was peeling.
并列句	And yet there had once been a beauty and grandeur about this place.
并列句	Through carved archways they could see spacious courtyards filled with greenery, and there were great buildings that looked like palaces, for all that the steps were cracked and the doorframes loose from the walls.
并列句	It looked as if rather than knock a building down and build a new one, the citizens of Ci'gazze preferred to patch it up indefinitely.
陈述句	At one point they came to a tower standing on its own in a little square.
陈述句	It was the oldest building they'd seen: a simple battlemented tower four stories high.
并列句	Something about its stillness in the bright sun was intriguing, and both Will and Lyra felt drawn to the half-open door at the top of the broad steps; but they didn't speak of it, and they went on, a bit reluctantly.
陈述句	When they reached the broad boulevard with the palm trees, he told her to look for a little cafe on a corner, with green-painted metal tables on the pavement outside.
陈述句	They found it within a minute.
并列句	It looked smaller and shabbier by daylight, but it was the same place, with the zinc-topped bar, the espresso machine, and the half-finished plate of risotto, now beginning to smell bad in the warm air.
疑问句	Is it in here?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	No.
陈述句	It's in the middle of the road.
陈述句	Make sure there's no other kids around.
并列句	But they were alone.
并列句	Will took her to the grassy median under the palm trees, and looked around to get his bearings.
陈述句	I think it was about here, he said.
并列句	When I came through, I could just about see that big hill behind the white house up there, and looking this way there was the cafe there, and ... What's it look like?
陈述句	I can't see anything.
陈述句	You won't mistake it.
陈述句	It doesn't look like anything you've ever seen.
并列句	He cast up and down.
疑问句	Had it vanished?
疑问句	Had it closed?
陈述句	He couldn't see it anywhere.
并列句	And then suddenly he had it.
并列句	He moved back and forth, watching the edge.
陈述句	Just as he'd found the night before, on the Oxford side of it, you could only see it at all from one side: when you moved behind it, it was invisible.
并列句	And the sun on the grass beyond it was just like the sun on the grass on this side, except unaccountably different.
陈述句	Here it is, he said when he was sure.
感叹句	Ah!
感叹句	I see it!
陈述句	She was agog, she looked as astounded as he'd looked himself to hear Pantalaimon talk.
并列句	Her dcemon, unable to remain inside her pocket, had come out to be a wasp, and he buzzed up to the hole and back several times, while she rubbed her still slightly wet hair into spikes.
陈述句	Keep to one side, he told her.
并列句	If you stand in front of it people'd just see a pair of legs, and that would make 'em curious.
陈述句	I don't want anyone noticing.
疑问句	What's that noise?
陈述句	Traffic.
陈述句	It's a part of the Oxford ring road.
陈述句	It's bound to be busy.
并列句	Get down and look at it from the side.
陈述句	It's the wrong time of day to go through, really; there's far too many people about.
并列句	But it'd be hard to find somewhere to go if we went in the middle of the night.
陈述句	At least once we're through we can blend in easy.
陈述句	You go first.
并列句	Just duck through quickly and move out of the way.
并列句	She had a little blue rucksack that she'd been carrying since they left the cafe, and she unslung it and held it in her arms before crouching to look through.
感叹句	Ah!
陈述句	She gasped.
并列句	And that's your world?
陈述句	That don't look like any part of Oxford.
疑问句	You sure you was in Oxford?
陈述句	'Course I'm sure.
陈述句	When you go through, you'll see a road right in front of you.
并列句	Go to the left, and then a little farther along you take the road that goes down to the right.
陈述句	That leads to the city center.
并列句	Make sure you can see where this window is, and remember, all right?
陈述句	It's the only way back.
陈述句	Right, she said.
陈述句	I won't forget.
并列句	Taking her rucksack in her arms, she ducked through the window in the air and vanished.
陈述句	Will crouched down to see where she went.
并列句	And there she was, standing on the grass in his Oxford with Pan still as a wasp on her shoulder, and no one, as far as he could tell, had seen her appear.
并列句	Cars and trucks raced past a few feet beyond, and no driver, at this busy junction, would have time to gaze sideways at an odd-looking bit of air, even if they could see it, and the traffic screened the window from anyone looking across from the far side.
陈述句	There was a squeal of brakes, a shout, a bang.
陈述句	He flung himself down to look.
陈述句	Lyra was lying on the grass.
并列句	A car had braked so hard that a van had struck it from behind, and knocked the car forward anyway, and there was Lyra, lying still— Will darted through after her.
并列句	No one saw him come; all eyes were on the car, the crumpled bumper, the van driver getting out, and on the little girl.
感叹句	I couldn't help it!
陈述句	She ran out in front, said the car driver, a middle-aged woman.
陈述句	You were too close, she said, turning toward the van driver.
陈述句	Never mind that, he said.
疑问句	How's the kid?
陈述句	The van driver was addressing Will, who was on his knees beside Lyra.
并列句	Will looked up and around, but there was nothing for it; he was responsible.
陈述句	On the grass next to him, Lyra was moving her head about, blinking hard.
陈述句	Will saw the wasp Pan-talaimon crawling dazedly up a grass stem beside her.
疑问句	You all right?
陈述句	Will said.
并列句	Move your legs and arms.
感叹句	Stupid!
陈述句	said the woman from the car.
陈述句	Just ran out in front.
陈述句	Didn't look once.
疑问句	What am I supposed to do?
疑问句	You still there, love?
陈述句	said the van driver.
陈述句	Yeah, muttered Lyra.
疑问句	Everything working?
并列句	Move your feet and hands, Will insisted.
陈述句	She did.
陈述句	There was nothing broken.
陈述句	She's all right, said Will.
陈述句	I'll look after her.
陈述句	She's fine.
疑问句	D'you know her?
陈述句	said the truck driver.
陈述句	She's my sister, said Will.
陈述句	It's all right.
陈述句	We just live around the corner.
陈述句	I'll take her home.
并列句	Lyra was sitting up now, and as she was obviously not badly hurt, the woman turned her attention back to the car.
并列句	The rest of the traffic was moving around the two stationary vehicles, and as they went past, the drivers looked curiously at the little scene, as people always do.
陈述句	Will helped Lyra up; the sooner they moved away, the better.
并列句	The woman and the van driver had realized that their argument ought to be handled by then-insurance companies and were exchanging addresses when the woman saw Will helping Lyra to limp away.
感叹句	Wait!
陈述句	she called.
陈述句	You'll be witnesses.
并列句	I need your name and address.
并列句	I'm Mark Ransom, said Will, turning back, and my sister's Lisa.
陈述句	We live at twenty-six Bourne Close.
疑问句	Postcode?
陈述句	I can never remember, he said.
陈述句	Look, I want to get her home.
并列句	Hop in the cab, said the van driver, and I'll take you round.
陈述句	No, it's no trouble.
陈述句	It'd be quicker to walk, honest.
陈述句	Lyra wasn't limping badly.
并列句	She walked away with Will, back along the grass under the hornbeam trees, and turned at the first corner they came to.
陈述句	They sat on a low garden wall.
疑问句	You hurt?
陈述句	Will said.
陈述句	Banged me leg.
并列句	And when I fell down, it shook me head, she said.
并列句	But she was more concerned about what was in the rucksack.
并列句	She felt inside it, brought out a heavy little bundle wrapped in black velvet, and unfolded it.
陈述句	Will's eyes widened to see the alethiometer; the tiny symbols painted around the face, the golden hands, the questing needle, the heavy richness of the case took his breath away.
疑问句	What's that?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	It's my alethiometer.
陈述句	It's a truth teller.
陈述句	A symbol reader.
陈述句	I hope it en't broken....
并列句	But it was unharmed.
陈述句	Even in her trembling hands the long needle swung steadily.
并列句	She put it away and said, I never seen so many carts and things.
陈述句	I never guessed they was going so fast.
并列句	They don't have cars and vans in your Oxford?
陈述句	Not so many.
陈述句	Not like these ones.
陈述句	I wasn't used to it.
并列句	But I'm all right now.
陈述句	Well, be careful from now on.
并列句	If you go and walk under a bus or get lost or something, they'll realize you're not from this world and start looking for the way through....
陈述句	He was far more angry than he needed to be.
陈述句	Finally he said, All right, look.
原因状语从句	If you pretend you're my sister, that'll be a disguise for me, because the person they're looking for hasn't got a sister.
并列句	And if I'm with you, I can show you how to cross roads without getting killed.
陈述句	All right, she said humbly.
并列句	And money.
疑问句	I bet you haven't—-well, how could you have any money?
并列句	How are you going to get around and eat and so on?
并列句	I have got money, she said, and shook some gold coins out of her purse.
陈述句	Will looked at them incredulously.
疑问句	Is that gold?
疑问句	It is, isn't it?
并列句	Well, that would get people asking questions, and no mistake.
陈述句	You're just not safe.
陈述句	I'll give you some money.
并列句	Put those coins away and keep them out of sight.
并列句	And remember—you're my sister, and your name's Lisa Ransom.
陈述句	Lizzie.
陈述句	I pretended to call myself Lizzie before.
陈述句	I can remember that.
陈述句	All right, Lizzie then.
并列句	And I'm Mark.
陈述句	Don't forget.
陈述句	All right, she said peaceably.
并列句	Her leg was going to be painful; already it was red and swollen where the car had struck it, and a dark, massive bruise was forming.
并列句	What with the bruise on her cheek where he'd struck her the night before, she looked as if she'd been badly treated, and that worried him too—suppose some police officer should become curious?
并列句	He tried to put it out of his mind, and they set off together, crossing at the traffic lights and casting just one glance back at the window under the hornbeam trees.
陈述句	They couldn't see it at all.
并列句	It was quite invisible, and the traffic was flowing again.
陈述句	In Summertown, ten minutes' walk down the Banbury Road, Will stopped in front of a bank.
疑问句	What are you doing?
陈述句	said Lyra.
陈述句	I'm going to get some money.
并列句	I probably better not do it too often, but they won't register it till the end of the working day, I shouldn't think.
并列句	He put his mother's bank card into the automatic teller and tapped out her PIN number.
并列句	Nothing seemed to be going wrong, so he withdrew a hundred pounds, and the machine gave it up without a hitch.
陈述句	Lyra watched open-mouthed.
陈述句	He gave her a twenty-pound note.
陈述句	Use that later, he said.
并列句	Buy something and get some change.
陈述句	Let's find a bus into town.
陈述句	Lyra let him deal with the bus.
并列句	She sat very quietly, watching the houses and gardens of the city that was hers and not hers.
陈述句	It was like being in someone else's dream.
陈述句	They got off in the city center next to an old stone church, which she did know, opposite a big department store, which she didn't.
陈述句	It's all changed, she said.
疑问句	Like ... That en't the Corn-market?
并列句	And this is the Broad.
陈述句	There's Balliol.
并列句	And Bodley's Library, down there.
并列句	But where's Jordan?
陈述句	Now she was trembling badly.
并列句	It might have been delayed reaction from the accident, or present shock from finding an entirely different building in place of the Jordan College she knew as home.
陈述句	That en't right, she said.
原因状语从句	She spoke quietly, because Will had told her to stop pointing out so loudly the things that were wrong.
陈述句	This is a different Oxford.
陈述句	Well, we knew that, he said.
陈述句	He wasn't prepared for Lyra's wide-eyed helplessness.
并列句	He couldn't know how much of her childhood had been spent running about streets almost identical with these, and how proud she'd been of belonging to Jordan College, whose Scholars were the cleverest, whose coffers the richest, whose beauty the most splendid of all.
并列句	And now it simply wasn't there, and she wasn't Lyra of Jordan anymore; she was a lost little girl in a strange world, belonging nowhere.
陈述句	Well, she said shakily.
条件状语从句	If it en't here ...
陈述句	It was going to take longer than she'd thought, that was all.
并列句	FOUR TREPANNING As soon as Lyra had gone her way, Will found a pay phone and dialed the number of the lawyer's office on the letter he held.
疑问句	Hello?
陈述句	I want to speak to Mr. Perkins.
疑问句	Who's calling, please?
陈述句	It's in connection with Mr. John Parry.
陈述句	I'm his son.
并列句	Just a moment, please... A minute went by, and then a man's voice said, Hello.
陈述句	This is Alan Perkins.
疑问句	Who am I speaking to?
陈述句	William Parry.
陈述句	Excuse me for calling.
陈述句	It's about my father, Mr. John Parry.
陈述句	You send money every three months from my father to my mother's bank account.
陈述句	Yes... Well, I want to know where my father is, please.
并列句	Is he alive or dead?
疑问句	How old are you, William?
陈述句	Twelve.
陈述句	I want to know about him.
疑问句	Yes ... Has your mother ... is she ... does she know you're phoning me?
陈述句	Will thought carefully.
陈述句	No, he said.
并列句	But she's not in very good health.
并列句	She can't tell me very much, and I want to know.
陈述句	Yes, I see.
疑问句	Where are you now?
疑问句	Are you at home?
陈述句	No, I'm ...
陈述句	I'm in Oxford.
疑问句	On your own?
陈述句	Yes.
并列句	And your mother's not well, you say?
陈述句	No.
并列句	Is she in hospital or something?
陈述句	Something like that.
并列句	Look, can you tell me or not?
并列句	Well, I can tell you something, but not much and not right now, and I'd rather not do it over the phone.
陈述句	I'm seeing a client in five minutes.
疑问句	Can you find your way to my office at about half past two?
陈述句	No, Will said.
陈述句	It would be too risky; the lawyer might have heard by then that he was wanted by the police.
并列句	He thought quickly and went on.
并列句	I've got to catch a bus to Nottingham, and I don't want to miss it.
并列句	But what I want to know, you can tell me over the phone, can't you?
并列句	All I want to know is, is my father alive, and if he is, where I can find him.
疑问句	You can tell me that, can't you?
陈述句	It's not quite as simple as that.
条件状语从句	I can't really give out private information about a client unless I'm sure the client would want me to.
并列句	And I'd need some proof of who you were, anyway.
并列句	Yes, I understand, but can you just tell me whether he's alive or dead?
陈述句	Well ... that wouldn't be confidential.
原因状语从句	Unfortunately, I can't tell you anyway, because I don't know.
疑问句	What?
陈述句	The money comes from a family trust.
陈述句	He left instructions to pay it until he told me to stop.
陈述句	1 haven't heard from him from that day to this.
陈述句	What it boils down to is that he's... well, I suppose he's vanished.
陈述句	That's why I can't answer your question.
疑问句	Vanished?
疑问句	Just... lost?
陈述句	It's a matter of public record, actually.
陈述句	Look, why don't you come into the office and— I can't.
陈述句	I'm going to Nottingham.
并列句	Well, write to me, or get your mother to write, and I'll let you know what I can.
并列句	But you must understand, I can't do very much over the phone.
陈述句	Yes, I suppose so.
陈述句	All right.
并列句	But can you tell me where he disappeared?
陈述句	As I say, it's a matter of public record.
陈述句	There were several newspaper stories at the time.
疑问句	You know he was an explorer?
陈述句	My mother's told me some things, yes.
并列句	Well, he was leading an expedition, and it just disappeared.
陈述句	About ten years ago.
陈述句	Maybe more.
疑问句	Where?
陈述句	The far north.
陈述句	Alaska, I think.
陈述句	You can look it up in the public library.
并列句	Why don't you— But at that point Will's money ran out, and he didn't have any more change.
陈述句	The dial tone purred in his ear.
并列句	He put the phone down and looked around.
陈述句	What he wanted above all was to speak to his mother.
原因状语从句	He had to stop himself from dialing Mrs. Cooper's number, because if he heard his mother's voice, it would be very hard not to go back to her, and that would put both of them in danger.
并列句	But he could send her a postcard.
并列句	He chose a view of the city, and wrote: DEAR MUM, I AM SAFE AND WELL, AND I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN SOON.
陈述句	I HOPE EVERYTHING IS ALL RIGHT.
陈述句	I LOVE YOU.
陈述句	WlLL.
并列句	Then he addressed it and bought a stamp and held the card close to him for a minute before dropping it in the mailbox.
并列句	It was midmorning, and he was in the main shopping street, where buses shouldered their way through crowds of pedestrians.
陈述句	He began to realize how exposed he was; for it was a weekday, when a child of his age should have been in school.
疑问句	Where could he go?
陈述句	It didn't take him long to hide.
原因状语从句	Will could vanish easily enough, because he was good at it; he was even proud of his skill.
陈述句	Like Serafina Pekkala on the ship, he simply made himself part of the background.
并列句	So now, knowing the sort of world he lived in, he went into a stationery shop and bought a ballpoint, a pad of paper, and a clipboard.
并列句	Schools often sent groups of pupils off to do a shopping survey, or something of the sort, and if he seemed to be on a project like that he wouldn't look as if he was at a loose end.
并列句	Then he wandered along, pretending to be making notes, and kept his eyes open for the public library.
陈述句	* * * Meanwhile, Lyra was looking for somewhere quiet to consult the alethiometer.
并列句	In her own Oxford there would have been a dozen places within five minutes' walk, but this Oxford was so disconcertingly different, with patches of poignant familiarity right next to the downright outlandish: why had they painted those yellow lines on the road?
疑问句	What were those little white patches dotting every sidewalk?
陈述句	(In her own world, they had never heard of chewing gum.)
并列句	What could those red and green lights mean at the corner of the road?
陈述句	It was all much harder to read than the alethiometer.
并列句	But here were St. John's College gates, which she and Roger had once climbed after dark to plant fireworks in the flower beds; and that particular worn stone at the corner of Catte Street—there were the initials SP that Simon Parslow had scratched, the very same ones!
感叹句	She'd seen him do it!
并列句	Someone in this world with the same initials must have stood here idly and done exactly the same.
陈述句	There might be a Simon Parslow in this world.
陈述句	Perhaps there was a Lyra.
并列句	A chill ran down her back, and mouse-shaped Pantalaimon shivered in her pocket.
陈述句	She shook herself; there were mysteries enough without imagining more.
并列句	The other way in which this Oxford differed from hers was in the vast numbers of people swarming on every sidewalk, in and out of every building; people of every sort, women dressed like men, Africans, even a group of Tartars meekly following their leader, all neatly dressed and hung about with little black cases.
原因状语从句	She glared at them fearfully at first, because they had no daemons, and in her world they would have been regarded as ghasts, or worse.
并列句	But (this was the strangest thing) they all looked fully alive.
并列句	These creatures moved about cheerfully enough, for all the world as though they were human, and Lyra had to concede that human was what they probably were, and that their daemons were inside them as Will's was.
并列句	After wandering about for an hour, taking the measure of this mock-Oxford, she felt hungry and bought a bar of chocolate with her twenty-pound note.
并列句	The shopkeeper looked at her oddly, but he was from the Indies and didn't understand her accent, perhaps, although she asked very clearly.
并列句	With the change she bought an apple from the Covered Market, which was much more like the proper Oxford, and walked up toward the park.
让步状语从句	There she found herself outside a grand building, a real Oxford-looking building that didn't exist in her world at all, though it wouldn't have looked out of place.
并列句	She sat on the grass outside to eat, and regarded the building approvingly.
陈述句	She discovered that it was a museum.
并列句	The doors were open, and inside she found stuffed animals and fossil skeletons and cases of minerals, just like the Royal Geological Museum she'd visited with Mrs. Coulter in her London.
原因状语从句	At the back of the great iron-and-glass hall was the entrance to another part of the museum, and because it was nearly deserted, she went through and looked around.
并列句	The alethiometer was still the most urgent thing on her mind, but in this second chamber she found herself surrounded by things she knew well: there were showcases filled with Arctic clothing, just like her own furs; with sledges and walrus-ivory carvings and seal-hunting harpoons; with a thousand and one jumbled trophies and relics and objects of magic and tools and weapons, and not only from the Arctic, as she saw, but from every part of this world Well, how strange.
并列句	Those caribou-skin furs were exactly the same as hers, but they'd tied the traces on that sledge completely wrong.
并列句	But here was a photogram showing some Samoyed hunters, the very doubles of the ones who'd caught Lyra and sold her to Bolvangar.
感叹句	Look!
感叹句	They were the same men!
并列句	And even that rope had frayed and been reknotted in precisely the same spot, and she knew it intimately, having been tied up in that very sledge for several agonizing hours.... What were these mysteries?
疑问句	Was there only one world after all, which spent its time dreaming of others?
并列句	And then she came across something that made her think of the alethiometer again.
并列句	In an old glass case with a black-painted wooden frame there were a number of human skulls, and some of them had holes in them: some at the front, some on the side, some on the top.
陈述句	The one in the center had two.
陈述句	This process, it said in spidery writing on a card, was called trepanning.
原因状语从句	The card also said that all the holes had been made during the owners' lifetimes, because the bone had healed and grown smooth around the edge.
并列句	One, however, hadn't: the hole had been made by a bronze arrowhead which was still in it, and its edges were sharp and broken, so you could tell it was different.
陈述句	This was just what the northern Tartars did.
并列句	And what Stanislaus Grumman had had done to himself, according to the Jordan Scholars who'd known him.
并列句	Lyra looked around quickly, saw no one nearby, and took out the alethiometer.
并列句	She focused her mind on the central skull and asked: What sort of person did this skull belong to, and why did they have those holes made in it?
并列句	As she stood concentrating in the dusty light that filtered through the glass roof and slanted down past the upper galleries, she didn't notice that she was being watched.
并列句	A powerful-looking man in his sixties, wearing a beautifully tailored linen suit and holding a Panama hat, stood on the gallery above and looked down over the iron railing.
陈述句	His gray hair was brushed neatly back from his smooth, tanned, barely wrinkled forehead.
并列句	His eyes were large, dark and long-lashed and intense, and every minute or so his sharp, dark-pointed tongue peeped out at the corner of his lips and flicked across them moistly.
陈述句	The snowy handkerchief in his breast pocket was scented with some heavy cologne like those hothouse plants so rich you can smell the decay at their roots.
陈述句	He had been watching Lyra for some minutes.
并列句	He had moved along the gallery above as she moved about below, and when she stood still by the case of skulls, he watched her closely, taking in all of her: her rough, untidy hair, the bruise on her cheek, the new clothes, her bare neck arched over the alethiometer, her bare legs.
并列句	He shook out the breast-pocket handkerchief and mopped his forehead, and then made for the stairs.
陈述句	Lyra, absorbed, was learning strange things.
并列句	These skulls were unimaginably old; the cards in the case said simply BRONZE AGE, but the alethiometer, which never lied, said that the man whose skull it was had lived 33,254 years before the present day, and that he had been a sorcerer, and that the hole had been made to let the gods into his head.
并列句	And then the alethiometer, in the casual way it sometimes had of answering a question Lyra hadn't asked, added that there was a good deal more Dust around the trepanned skulls than around the one with the arrowhead.
疑问句	What in the world could that mean?
并列句	Lyra came out of the focused calm she shared with the alethiometer and drifted back to the present moment to find herself no longer alone.
陈述句	Gazing into the next case was an elderly man in a pale suit, who smelled sweet.
并列句	He reminded her of someone, but she couldn't think who.
并列句	He became aware of her staring at him, and looked up with a smile.
疑问句	You're looking at the trepanned skulls?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	What strange things people do to themselves.
陈述句	Mm, she said expressionlessly.
疑问句	D'you know, people still do that?
陈述句	Yeah, she said.
陈述句	Hippies, you know, people like that.
陈述句	Actually, you're far too young to remember hippies.
陈述句	They say it's more effective than taking drugs.
并列句	Lyra had put the alethiometer in her rucksack and was wondering how she could get away.
并列句	She still hadn't asked it the main question, and now this old man was having a conversation with her.
并列句	He seemed nice enough, and he certainly smelled nice.
陈述句	He was closer now.
陈述句	His hand brushed hers as he leaned across the case.
疑问句	Makes you wonder, doesn't it?
陈述句	No anesthetic, no disinfectant, probably done with stone tools.
疑问句	They must have been tough, mustn't they?
陈述句	I don't think I've seen you here before.
陈述句	I come here quite a lot.
疑问句	What's your name?
陈述句	Lizzie, she said comfortably.
陈述句	Lizzie.
陈述句	Hello, Lizzie.
陈述句	I'm Charles.
疑问句	Do you go to school in Oxford?
陈述句	She wasn't sure how to answer.
陈述句	No, she said.
疑问句	Just visiting?
陈述句	Well, you've chosen a wonderful place to look at.
疑问句	What are you specially interested in?
陈述句	She was more puzzled by this man than by anyone she'd met for a long time.
原因状语从句	On the one hand he was kind and friendly and very clean and smartly dressed, but on the other hand Pantalaimon, inside her pocket, was plucking at her attention and begging her to be careful, because he was half-remembering something too; and from somewhere she sensed, not a smell, but the idea of a smell, and it was the smell of dung, of putrefaction.
并列句	She was reminded of lofur Raknison's palace, where the air was perfumed but the floor was thick with filth.
疑问句	What am I interested in?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Oh, all sorts of things, really.
陈述句	Those skulls I got interested in just now, when I saw them there.
陈述句	I shouldn't think anyone would want that done.
陈述句	It's horrible.
并列句	No, I wouldn't enjoy it myself, but I promise you it does happen.
并列句	I could take you to meet someone who's done it, he said, looking so friendly and helpful that she was very nearly tempted.
并列句	But then out came that little dark tongue point, as quick as a snake's, flick-moisten, and she shook her head.
陈述句	I got to go, she said.
并列句	Thank you for offering, but I better not.
原因状语从句	Anyway, I got to go now because I'm meeting someone.
陈述句	My friend, she added.
陈述句	Who I'm staying with.
陈述句	Yes, of course, he said kindly.
陈述句	Well, it was nice talking to you.
陈述句	Bye-bye, Lizzie.
陈述句	Bye, she said.
并列句	Oh, just in case, here's my name and address, he said, handing her a card.
陈述句	Just in case you want to know more about things like this.
并列句	Thank you, she said blandly, and put it in the little pocket on the back of her rucksack before leaving.
陈述句	She felt he was watching her all the way out.
并列句	Once she was outside the museum, she turned in to the park, which she knew as a field for cricket and other sports, and found a quiet spot under some trees and tried the alethiometer again.
陈述句	This time she asked where she could find a Scholar who knew about Dust.
陈述句	The answer she got was simple: it directed her to a certain room in the tall square building behind her.
并列句	In fact, the answer was so straightforward, and came so abruptly, that Lyra was sure the alethiometer had more to say: she was beginning to sense now that it had moods, like a person, and to know when it wanted to tell her more.
并列句	And it did now.
陈述句	What it said was: You must concern yourself with the boy.
陈述句	Your task is to help him find his father.
陈述句	Put your mind to that.
陈述句	She blinked.
陈述句	She was genuinely startled.
陈述句	Will had appeared out of nowhere in order to help her; surely that was obvious.
陈述句	The idea that she had come all this way in order to help him took her breath away.
并列句	But the alethiometer still hadn't finished.
并列句	The needle twitched again, and she read: Do not lie to the Scholar.
并列句	She folded the velvet around the alethiometer and thrust it into the rucksack out of sight.
并列句	Then she stood and looked around for the building where her Scholar would be found, and set off toward it, feeling awkward and defiant.
并列句	Will found the library easily enough, where the reference librarian was perfectly prepared to believe that he was doing some research for a school geography project and helped him find the bound copies of The Times index for the year of his birth, which was when his father had disappeared.
陈述句	Will sat down to look through them.
陈述句	Sure enough, there were several references to John Parry, in connection with an archaeological expedition.
陈述句	Each month, he found, was on a separate roll of microfilm.
并列句	He threaded each in turn into the projector, scrolled through to find the stories, and read them with fierce attention.
陈述句	The first story told of the departure of an expedition to the north of Alaska.
并列句	The expedition was sponsored by the Institute of Archaeology at Oxford University, and it was going to survey an area in which they hoped to find evidence of early human settlements.
陈述句	It was accompanied by John Parry, late of the Royal Marines, a professional explorer.
陈述句	The second story was dated six weeks later.
陈述句	It said briefly that the expedition had reached the North American Arctic Survey Station at Noatak in Alaska.
陈述句	The third was dated two months after that.
并列句	It said that there had been no reply to signals from the Survey Station, and that John Parry and his companions were presumed missing.
原因状语从句	There was a brief series of articles following that one, describing the parties that had set out fruitlessly to look for them, the search flights over the Bering Sea, the reaction of the Institute of Archaeology, interviews with relatives.... His heart thudded, because there was a picture of his own mother.
陈述句	Holding a baby.
陈述句	Him.
陈述句	The reporter had written a standard tearful-wife-waiting-in-anguish-for-news story, which Will found disappointingly short of actual facts.
并列句	There was a brief paragraph saying that John Parry had had a successful career in the Royal Marines and had left to specialize in organizing geographical and scientific expeditions, and that was all.
并列句	There was no other mention in the index, and Will got up from the microfilm reader baffled.
并列句	There must be some more information somewhere else; but where could he go next?
并列句	And if he took too long searching for it, he'd be traced....
并列句	He handed back the rolls of microfilm and asked the librarian, Do you know the address of the Institute of Archaeology, please?
疑问句	I could find out.... What school are you from?
陈述句	St. Peter's, said Will.
疑问句	That's not in Oxford, is it?
陈述句	No, it's in Hampshire.
陈述句	My class is doing a sort of residential field trip.
陈述句	Kind of environmental study research skills.
陈述句	Oh, I see.
疑问句	What was it you wanted?
疑问句	... Archaeology?
陈述句	...
陈述句	Here we are.
并列句	Will copied down the address and phone number, and since it was safe to admit he didn't know Oxford, asked where to find it.
陈述句	It wasn't far away.
并列句	He thanked the librarian and set off.
陈述句	Inside the building Lyra found a wide desk at the foot of the stairs, with a porter behind it.
疑问句	Where are you going?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	This was like home again.
陈述句	She felt Pan, in her pocket, enjoying it.
陈述句	I got a message for someone on the second floor, she said.
疑问句	Who?
陈述句	Dr. Lister, she said.
陈述句	Dr. Lister's on the third floor.
并列句	If you've got something for him, you can leave it here and I'll let him know.
并列句	Yeah, but this is something he needs right now.
陈述句	He just sent for it.
陈述句	It's not a thing actually, it's something I need to tell him.
并列句	He looked at her carefully, but he was no match for the bland and vacuous docility Lyra could command when she wanted to; and finally he nodded and went back to his newspaper.
陈述句	The alethiometer didn't tell Lyra people's names, of course.
原因状语从句	She had read the name Dr. Lister off a pigeonhole on the wall behind him, because if you pretend you know someone, they're more likely to let you in.
陈述句	In some ways Lyra knew Will's world better than he did.
并列句	On the second floor she found a long corridor, where one door was open to an empty lecture hall and another to a smaller room where two Scholars stood discussing something at a blackboard.
并列句	These rooms, the walls of this corridor, were all flat and bare and plain in a way Lyra thought belonged to poverty, not to the scholarship and splendor of Oxford; and yet the brick walls were smoothly painted, and the doors were of heavy wood and the banisters were of polished steel, so they were costly.
陈述句	It was just another way in which this world was strange.
陈述句	She soon found the door the alethiometer had told her about.
并列句	The sign on it said DARK MATTER RESEARCH UNIT, and under it someone had scribbled R.I.P.
陈述句	Another hand had added in pencil DIRECTOR: LAZARUS.
陈述句	Lyra made nothing of that.
并列句	She knocked, and a woman's voice said, Come in.
并列句	It was a small room, crowded with tottering piles of papers and books, and the whiteboards on the walls were covered in figures and equations.
陈述句	Tacked to the back of the door was a design that looked Chinese.
陈述句	Through an open doorway Lyra could see another room, where some kind of complicated anbaric machinery stood in silence.
并列句	For her part, Lyra was a little surprised to find that the Scholar she sought was female, but the alethiometer hadn't said a man, and this was a strange world, after all.
并列句	The woman was sitting at an engine that displayed figures and shapes on a small glass screen, in front of which all the letters of the alphabet had been laid out on grimy little blocks in an ivory tray.
并列句	The Scholar tapped one, and the screen became blank.
疑问句	Who are you?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Lyra shut the door behind her.
并列句	Mindful of what the alethiometer had told her, she tried hard not to do what she normally would have done, and she told the truth.
陈述句	Lyra Silvertongue, she answered.
疑问句	What's your name?
陈述句	The woman blinked.
并列句	She was in her late thirties, Lyra supposed, perhaps a little older than Mrs. Coulter, with short black hair and red cheeks.
并列句	She wore a white coat open over a green shirt and those blue canvas trousers so many people wore in this world.
并列句	At Lyra's question the woman ran a hand through her hair and said, Well, you're the second unexpected thing that's happened today.
陈述句	I'm Dr. Mary Malone.
疑问句	What do you want?
陈述句	I want you to tell me about Dust, said Lyra, having looked around to make sure they were alone.
陈述句	I know you know about it.
陈述句	I can prove it.
陈述句	You got to tell me.
疑问句	Dust?
疑问句	What are you talking about?
陈述句	You might not call it that.
陈述句	It's elementary particles.
并列句	In my world the Scholars call it Rusakov Particles, but normally they call it Dust.
并列句	They don't show up easily, but they come out of space and fix on people.
让步状语从句	Not children so much, though.
陈述句	Mostly on grownups.
并列句	And something I only found out today—I was in that museum down the road and there was some old skulls with holes in their heads, like the Tartars make, and there was a lot more Dust around them than around this other one that hadn't got that sort of hole in it.
疑问句	When's the Bronze Age?
陈述句	The woman was looking at her wide-eyed.
疑问句	The Bronze Age?
陈述句	Goodness, I don't know; about five thousand years ago, she said.
陈述句	Ah, well, they got it wrong then, when they wrote that label.
陈述句	That skull with the two holes in it is thirty-three thousand years old.
原因状语从句	She stopped then, because Dr. Malone looked as if she was about to faint.
并列句	The high color left her cheeks completely; she put one hand to her breast while the other clutched the arm of her chair, and her jaw dropped.
并列句	Lyra stood, stubborn and puzzled, waiting for her to recover.
疑问句	Who are you?
陈述句	the woman said at last.
疑问句	Lyra Silver— No, where d'you come from?
疑问句	What are you?
疑问句	How do you know things like this?
陈述句	Wearily Lyra sighed; she had forgotten how roundabout Scholars could be.
陈述句	It was difficult to tell them the truth when a lie would have been so much easier for them to understand.
陈述句	I come from another world, she began.
并列句	And in that world there's an Oxford like this, only different, and that's where I come from.
陈述句	And— Wait, wait, wait.
疑问句	You come from where?
陈述句	From somewhere else, said Lyra, more carefully.
陈述句	Not here.
陈述句	Oh, somewhere else, the woman said.
陈述句	I see.
陈述句	Well, I think I see.
并列句	And I got to find out about Dust, Lyra explained.
原因状语从句	Because the Church people in my world, right, they're frightened of Dust because they think it's original sin.
陈述句	So it's very important.
并列句	And my father... No, she said passionately, and stamped her foot.
陈述句	That's not what I meant to say.
陈述句	I'm doing it all wrong.
并列句	Dr. Malone looked at Lyra's desperate frown and clenched fists, at the bruises on her cheek and her leg, and said, Dear me, child, calm down.
并列句	She broke off and rubbed her eyes, which were red with tiredness.
疑问句	Why am I listening to you?
陈述句	she went on.
陈述句	I must be crazy.
并列句	The fact is, this is the only place in the world where you'd get the answer you want, and they're about to close us down.
原因状语从句	What you're talking about, your Dust, sounds like something we've been investigating for a while now, and what you say about the skulls in the museum gave me a turn, because... oh, no, this is just too much.
陈述句	I'm too tired.
并列句	I want to listen to you, believe me, but not now, please.
疑问句	Did I say they were going to close us down?
并列句	I've got a week to put together a proposal to the funding committee, but we haven't got a hope in hell... She yawned widely.
疑问句	What was the first unexpected thing that happened today?
陈述句	Lyra said.
陈述句	Oh.
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	Someone I'd been relying on to back our funding application withdrew his support.
陈述句	I don't suppose it was that unexpected, anyway.
陈述句	She yawned again.
陈述句	I'm going to make some coffee, she said/If I don't, I'll fall asleep.
疑问句	You'll have some too?
并列句	She filled an electric kettle, and while she spooned instant coffee into two mugs Lyra stared at the Chinese pattern on the back of the door.
疑问句	What's that?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	It's Chinese.
陈述句	The symbols of the I Ching.
疑问句	D'you know what that is?
疑问句	Do they have that in your world?
陈述句	Lyra looked at her narrow-eyed, in case she was being sarcastic.
并列句	She said: There are some things the same and some that are different, that's all.
陈述句	I don't know everything about my world.
陈述句	Maybe they got this Ching thing there too.
陈述句	I'm sorry, said Dr. Malone.
陈述句	Yes, maybe they have.
疑问句	What's dark matter?
陈述句	said Lyra.
疑问句	That's what it says on the sign, isn't it?
并列句	Dr. Malone sat down again, and hooked another chair out with her ankle for Lyra.
陈述句	She said, Dark matter is what my research team is looking for.
陈述句	No one knows what it is.
陈述句	There's more stuff out there in the universe than we can see, that's the point.
并列句	We can see the stars and the galaxies and the things that shine, but for it all to hang together and not fly apart, there needs to be a lot more of it—to make gravity work, you see.
并列句	But no one can detect it.
并列句	So there are lots of different research projects trying to find out what it is, and this is one of them.
陈述句	Lyra was all focused attention.
陈述句	At last the woman was talking seriously.
并列句	And what do you think it is?
陈述句	she asked.
并列句	Well, what we think it is— As she began, the kettle boiled, so she got up and made the coffee as she continued.
陈述句	We think it's some kind of elementary particle.
陈述句	Something quite different from anything discovered so far.
并列句	But the particles are very hard to detect.
疑问句	... Where do you go to school?
疑问句	Do you study physics?
陈述句	Lyra felt Pantalaimon nip her hand, warning her not to get cross.
并列句	It was all very well, the alethiometer telling her to be truthful, but she knew what would happen if she told the whole truth.
并列句	She had to tread carefully and just avoid direct lies.
陈述句	Yes, she said, I know a little bit.
并列句	But not about dark matter.
陈述句	Well, we're trying to detect this almost-undetectable thing among the noise of all the other particles crashing about.
并列句	Normally they put detectors very deep underground, but what we've done instead is to set up an electromagnetic field around the detector that shuts out the things we don't want and lets through the ones we do.
并列句	Then we amplify the signal and put it through a computer.
陈述句	She handed across a mug of coffee.
并列句	There was no milk and no sugar, but she did find a couple of ginger biscuits in a drawer, and Lyra took one hungrily.
并列句	And we found a particle that fits, Dr. Malone went on.
陈述句	We think it fits.
并列句	But it's so strange ... Why am I telling you this?
陈述句	I shouldn't.
陈述句	It's not published, it's not refereed, it's not even written down.
陈述句	I'm a little crazy this afternoon.
并列句	Well ... she went on, and she yawned for so long that Lyra thought she'd never stop, our particles are strange little devils, make no mistake.
陈述句	We call them shadow particles, Shadows.
疑问句	You know what nearly knocked me off my chair just now?
陈述句	When you mentioned the skulls in the museum.
原因状语从句	Because one of our team, you see, is a bit of an amateur archaeologist.
并列句	And he discovered something one day that we couldn't believe.
原因状语从句	But we couldn't ignore it, because it fitted in with the craziest thing of all about these Shadows.
疑问句	You know what?
陈述句	They're conscious.
陈述句	That's right.
陈述句	Shadows are particles of consciousness.
疑问句	You ever heard anything so stupid?
陈述句	No wonder we can't get our grant renewed.
陈述句	She sipped her coffee.
陈述句	Lyra was drinking in every word like a thirsty flower.
陈述句	Yes, Dr. Malone went on, they know we're here.
陈述句	They answer back.
并列句	And here goes the crazy part: you can't see them unless you expect to.
条件状语从句	Unless you put your mind in a certain state.
并列句	You have to be confident and relaxed at the same time.
并列句	You have to be capable— Where's that quotation ... She reached into the muddle of papers on her desk and found a scrap on which someone had written with a green pen.
陈述句	She read:  '...
并列句	Capable of being in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching after fact and reason.'
陈述句	You have to get into that state of mind.
陈述句	That's from the poet Keats, by the way.
陈述句	I found it the other day.
并列句	So you get yourself in the right state of mind, and then you look at the Cave— The cave?
陈述句	said Lyra.
陈述句	Oh, sorry.
陈述句	The computer.
陈述句	We call it the Cave.
陈述句	Shadows on the walls of the Cave, you see, from Plato.
陈述句	That's our archaeologist again.
陈述句	He's an all-around intellectual.
并列句	But he's gone off to Geneva for a job interview, and I don't suppose for a moment he'll be back.... Where was I?
陈述句	Oh, the Cave, that's right.
条件状语从句	Once you're linked up to it, if you think, the Shadows respond.
陈述句	There's no doubt about it.
疑问句	The Shadows flock to your thinking like birds.... What about the skulls?
陈述句	I was coming to that.
陈述句	Oliver Payne—him, my colleague— was fooling about one day testing things with the Cave.
并列句	And it was so odd.
陈述句	It didn't make any sense in the way a physicist would expect.
并列句	He got a piece of ivory, just a lump, and there were no Shadows with that.
陈述句	It didn't react.
并列句	But a carved ivory chess piece did.
并列句	A big splinter of wood off a plank didn't, but a wooden ruler did.
并列句	And a carved wooden statuette had more....
陈述句	I'm talking about elementary panicles here, for goodness' sake.
陈述句	Little minute lumps of scarcely anything.
陈述句	They knew what these objects were.
并列句	Anything that was associated with human workmanship and human thought was surrounded by Shadows.... And then Oliver—Dr.
并列句	Payne—got some fossil skulls from a friend at the museum and tested them to see how far back in time the effect went.
陈述句	There was a cutoff point about thirty, forty thousand years ago.
陈述句	Before that, no Shadows.
陈述句	After that, plenty.
并列句	And that's about the time, apparently, that modern human beings first appeared.
并列句	I mean, you know, our remote ancestors, but people no different from us, really....
陈述句	It's Dust, said Lyra authoritatively.
陈述句	That's what it is.
并列句	But, you see, you can't say this sort of thing in a funding application if you want to be taken seriously.
陈述句	It does not make sense.
陈述句	It cannot exist.
并列句	It's impossible, and if it isn't impossible, it's irrelevant, and if it isn't either of those things, it's embarrassing.
陈述句	I want to see the Cave, said Lyra.
陈述句	She stood up.
并列句	Dr. Malone was running her hands through her hair and blinking hard to keep her tired eyes clear.
陈述句	Well, I can't see why not, she said.
陈述句	We might not have a Cave tomorrow.
陈述句	Come along through.
陈述句	She led Lyra into the other room.
并列句	It was larger, and crowded with anbaric equipment.
陈述句	This is it.
陈述句	Over there, she said, pointing to a screen that was glowing an empty gray.
陈述句	That's where the detector is, behind all that wiring.
陈述句	To see the Shadows, you have to be linked up to some electrodes.
陈述句	Like for measuring brain waves.
陈述句	I want to try it, said Lyra.
陈述句	You won't see anything.
陈述句	Anyway, I'm tired.
陈述句	It's too complicated.
感叹句	Please!
感叹句	I know what I'm doing!
疑问句	Do you, now?
陈述句	I wish I did.
陈述句	No, for heaven's sake.
陈述句	This is an expensive, difficult scientific experiment.
并列句	You can't come charging in here and expect to have a go as if it were a pinball machine.... Where do you come from, anyway?
疑问句	Shouldn't you be at school?
疑问句	How did you find your way in here?
并列句	And she rubbed her eyes again, as if she was only just waking up.
陈述句	Lyra was trembling.
陈述句	Tell the truth, she thought.
并列句	I found my way in with this, she said, and took out the alethiometer.
疑问句	What in the world is that?
疑问句	A compass?
陈述句	Lyra let her take it.
陈述句	Dr. Malone's eyes widened as she felt the weight Dear Lord, it's made of gold.
陈述句	Where on earth— I think it does what your Cave does.
陈述句	That's what I want to find out.
并列句	If I can answer a question truly, said Lyra desperately, something you know the answer to and I don't, can I try your Cave then?
疑问句	What, are we into fortune-telling now?
疑问句	What is this thing?
感叹句	Please!
感叹句	Just ask me a question!
陈述句	Dr. Malone shrugged.
陈述句	Oh, all right, she said.
陈述句	'Tell me ... tell me what I was doing before I took up this business.
并列句	Eagerly Lyra took the alethiometer from her and turned the winding wheels.
并列句	She could feel her mind reaching for the right pictures even before the hands were pointing at them, and she sensed the longer needle twitching to respond.
陈述句	As it began to swing around the dial, her eyes followed it, watching, calculating, seeing down the long chains of meaning to the level where the truth lay.
并列句	Then she blinked and sighed and came out of her temporary trance.
陈述句	You used to be a nun, she said.
陈述句	I wouldn't have guessed that.
陈述句	Nuns are supposed to stay in their convents forever.
并列句	But you stopped believing in church things and they let you leave.
陈述句	This en't like my world at all, not a bit.
陈述句	Dr. Malone sat down in a chair by the computer, staring.
疑问句	Lyra said, That's true, en't it?
陈述句	Yes.
并列句	And you found out from that... From my alethiometer.
陈述句	It works by Dust, I think.
并列句	I came all this way to find out more about Dust, and it told me to come to you.
陈述句	So I reckon your dark matter must be the same thing.
疑问句	Now can I try your Cave?
并列句	Dr. Malone shook her head, but not to say no, just out of helplessness.
陈述句	She spread her hands.
陈述句	Very well, she said.
陈述句	I think I'm dreaming.
陈述句	I might as well carry on.
并列句	She swung around in her chair and pressed several switches, bringing an electrical hum and the sound of a computer's cooling fan into the air; and at the sound of them, Lyra gave a little muffled gasp.
原因状语从句	It was because the sound in that room was the same sound she'd heard in that dreadful glittering chamber at Bolvangar, where the silver guillotine had nearly parted her and Pantalaimon.
并列句	She felt him quiver in her pocket, and gently squeezed him for reassurance.
并列句	But Dr. Malone hadn't noticed; she was too busy adjusting switches and tapping the letters in another of those ivory trays.
并列句	As she did, the screen changed color, and some small letters and figures appeared on it.
并列句	Now you sit down, she said, and pulled out a chair for Lyra.
并列句	Then she opened ajar and said, I need to put some gel on your skin to help the electrical contact.
陈述句	It washes off easily.
陈述句	Hold still, now.
并列句	Dr. Malone took six wires, each ending in a flat pad, and attached them to various places on Lyra's head.
并列句	Lyra sat determinedly still, but she was breathing quickly, and her heart was beating hard.
陈述句	All right, you're all hooked up, said Dr. Malone.
陈述句	The room's full of Shadows.
陈述句	The universe is full of Shadows, come to that.
并列句	But this is the only way we can see them, when you make your mind empty and look at the screen.
陈述句	Off you go.
陈述句	Lyra looked.
并列句	The glass was dark and blank.
并列句	She saw her own reflection dimly, but that was all.
并列句	As an experiment she pretended that she was reading the alethiometer, and imagined herself asking: What does this woman know about Dust?
疑问句	What questions is she asking?
并列句	She mentally moved the alethiometer's hands around the dial, and as she did, the screen began to flicker.
并列句	Astonished, she came out of her concentration, and the flicker died.
并列句	She didn't notice the ripple of excitement that made Dr. Malone sit up: she frowned and sat forward and began to concentrate again.
陈述句	This time the response came instantaneously.
陈述句	A stream of dancing lights, for all the world like the shimmering curtains of the aurora, blazed across the screen.
并列句	They took up patterns that were held for a moment only to break apart and form again, in different shapes, or different colors; they looped and swayed, they sprayed apart, they burst into showers of radiance that suddenly swerved this way or that like a flock of birds changing direction in the sky.
并列句	And as Lyra watched, she felt the same sense, as of trembling on the brink of understanding, that she remembered from the time when she was beginning to read the alethiometer.
疑问句	She asked another question: Is this Dust?
并列句	Is it the same thing making these patterns and moving the needle of the alethiometer?
并列句	The answer came in more loops and swirls of light.
陈述句	She guessed it meant yes.
并列句	Then another thought occurred to her, and she turned to speak to Dr. Malone, and saw her open-mouthed, hand to her head.
疑问句	What?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	The screen faded.
陈述句	Dr. Malone blinked.
疑问句	What is it?
陈述句	Lyra said again.
陈述句	Oh—you've just put on the best display I've ever seen, that's all, said Dr. Malone.
疑问句	What were you doing?
疑问句	What were you thinking?
陈述句	I was thinking you could get it clearer than this, Lyra said.
疑问句	Clearer?
感叹句	That's the clearest it's ever been!
并列句	But what does it mean?
疑问句	Can you read it?
陈述句	Well, said Dr. Malone, you don't read it in the sense of reading a message; it doesn't work like that.
陈述句	What's happening is that the Shadows are responding to the attention that you pay them.
陈述句	That's revolutionary enough; it's our consciousness that they respond to, you see.
并列句	No, Lyra explained, what I mean is, those colors and shapes up there.
陈述句	They could do other things, those Shadows.
陈述句	They could make any shapes you wanted.
条件状语从句	They could make pictures if you wanted them to.
陈述句	Look.
并列句	And she turned back and focused her mind again, but this time she pretended to herself that the screen was the alethiometer, with all thirty-six symbols laid out around the edge.
并列句	She knew them so well now that her fingers automatically twisted in her lap as she moved the imaginary hands to point at the candle (for understanding), the alpha and omega (for language), and the ant (for diligence), and framed the question: What would these people have to do in order to understand the language of the Shadows?
并列句	The screen responded as quickly as thought itself, and out of the welter of lines and flashes a series of pictures formed with perfect clarity: compasses, alpha and omega again, lightning, angel.
并列句	Each picture flashed up a different number of times, and then came a different three: camel, garden, moon.
并列句	Lyra saw their meanings clearly, and unfocused her mind to explain.
陈述句	This time, when she turned around, she saw that Dr. Malone was sitting back in her chair, white-faced, clutching the edge of the table.
陈述句	What it says, Lyra told her, it's saying in my language, right—the language of pictures.
陈述句	Like the alethiometer.
并列句	But what it says is that it could use ordinary language too, words, if you fixed it up like that.
陈述句	You could fix this so it put words on the screen.
并列句	But you'd need a lot of careful figuring with numbers—that was die compasses, see.
并列句	And the lightning meant anbaric—I mean, electric power, more of that.
并列句	And the angel— that's all about messages.
陈述句	There's things it wants to say.
并列句	But when it went on to that second bit... it meant Asia, almost the farthest east but not quite.
陈述句	I dunno what country that would be—China, maybe.
并列句	And there's a way they have in that country of talking to Dust, I mean Shadows, same as you got here and I got with the—I got with pictures, only their way uses sticks.
并列句	I think it meant that picture on the door, but I didn't understand it, really.
陈述句	I thought when I first saw it there was something important about it, only I didn't know what.
陈述句	So there must be lots of ways of talking to Shadows.
陈述句	Dr. Malone was breathless.
陈述句	The I Ching, she said.
陈述句	Yes, it's Chinese.
并列句	A form of divination—fortune-telling, really.... And, yes, they use sticks.
条件状语从句	It's only up there for decoration, she said, as if to reassure Lyra that she didn't really believe in it.
疑问句	You're telling me that when people consult the I Ching, they're getting in touch with Shadow particles?
疑问句	With dark matter?
陈述句	Yeah, said Lyra.
陈述句	'There's lots of ways, like I said.
陈述句	I hadn't realized before.
陈述句	I thought there was only one.
陈述句	Those pictures on the screen ... Dr. Malone began.
并列句	Lyra felt a flicker of a thought at the edge of her mind, and turned to the screen.
并列句	She had hardly begun to formulate a question when more pictures flashed up, succeeding each other so quickly that Dr. Malone could hardly follow them; but Lyra knew what they were saying, and turned back to her.
陈述句	It says that you're important, too, she told the scientist.
陈述句	It says you got something important to do.
并列句	I dunno what, but it wouldn't say that unless it was true.
陈述句	So you probably ought to get it using words, so you can understand what it says.
陈述句	Dr. Malone was silent.
疑问句	Then she said, All right, where do you come from?
陈述句	Lyra twisted her mouth.
并列句	She realized that Dr. Malone, who until now had acted out of exhaustion and despair, would never normally have shown her work to a strange child who turned up from nowhere, and that she was beginning to regret it.
并列句	But Lyra had to tell the truth.
陈述句	I come from another world, she said.
陈述句	It's true.
陈述句	I came through to this one.
陈述句	I was...
原因状语从句	I had to run away, because people in my world were chasing me, to kill me.
并列句	And the alethiometer comes from ... from the same place.
陈述句	The Master of Jordan College gave it me.
并列句	In my Oxford there's a Jordan College, but there en't one here.
陈述句	I looked.
并列句	And I found out how to read the alethiometer by myself.
并列句	I got a way of making my mind go blank, and I just see what the pictures mean straightaway.
并列句	Just like you said about... doubts and mysteries and that.
并列句	So when I looked at the Cave, I done the same thing, and it works just the same way, so my Dust and your Shadows are the same, too.
陈述句	So... Dr. Malone was fully awake now.
并列句	Lyra picked up the alethiometer and folded its velvet cloth over it, like a mother protecting her child, before putting it back in her rucksack.
条件状语从句	So anyway, she said, you could make this screen so it could talk to you in words, if you wanted.
陈述句	Then you could talk to the Shadows like I talk to the alethiometer.
并列句	But what I want to know is, why do the people in my world hate it?
陈述句	Dust, I mean, Shadows.
陈述句	Dark matter.
陈述句	They want to destroy it.
陈述句	They think it's evil.
并列句	But I think what they do is evil.
陈述句	I seen them do it.
疑问句	So what is it, Shadows?
并列句	Is it good or evil, or what?
并列句	Dr. Malone rubbed her face and turned her cheeks red again.
陈述句	Everything about this is embarrassing she said.
并列句	D'you know how embarrassing it is to mention good and evil in a scientific laboratory?
疑问句	Have you any idea?
陈述句	One of the reasons I became a scientist was not to have to think about that kind of thing.
陈述句	You got to think about it, said Lyra severely.
并列句	You can't investigate Shadows, Dust, whatever it is, without thinking about that kind of thing, good and evil and such.
并列句	And it said you got to, remember.
陈述句	You can't refuse.
疑问句	When are they going to close this place down?
疑问句	The funding committee decides at the end of the week.... Why?
陈述句	'Cause you got tonight, then, said Lyra.
陈述句	You could fix this engine thing to put words on the screen instead of pictures like I made.
陈述句	You could do that easy.
并列句	Then you could show 'em, and they'd have to give you the money to carry on.
并列句	And you could find out all about Dust, or Shadows, and tell me.
陈述句	You see, she went on a little haughtily, like a duchess describing an unsatisfactory housemaid, the alethiometer won't exactly tell me what I need to know.
并列句	But you could find out for me.
陈述句	Else I could probably do that Ching thing, with the sticks.
并列句	But pictures are easier to work.
陈述句	I think so, anyway.
并列句	I'm going to take this off now, she added, and pulled at the electrodes on her head.
并列句	Dr. Malone gave her a tissue to wipe off the gel, and folded up the wires.
疑问句	So you're going?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Well, you've given me a strange hour, that's no mistake.
疑问句	Are you going to make it do words?
陈述句	Lyra said, gathering up her rucksack.
陈述句	It's about as much use as completing the funding application, I daresay, said Dr. Malone.
陈述句	No, listen.
陈述句	I want you to come back tomorrow.
疑问句	Can you do that?
疑问句	About the same time?
陈述句	I want you to show someone else.
陈述句	Lyra narrowed her eyes.
疑问句	Was this a trap?
陈述句	Well, all right, she said.
并列句	But remember, there's things I need to know.
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	Of course.
疑问句	You will come?
陈述句	Yes, said Lyra.
条件状语从句	If I say I will, I will.
陈述句	I could help you, I expect.
并列句	And she left.
并列句	The porter at the desk looked up briefly and then went back to his paper.
陈述句	The Nuniatak dig, said the archaeologist, swinging his chair around.
陈述句	You're the second person in a month to ask me about that.
疑问句	Who was the other one?
陈述句	said Will, on his guard at once.
陈述句	I think he was a journalist.
陈述句	I'm not sure.
疑问句	Why did he want to know about it?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	In connection with one of the men who disappeared on that trip.
陈述句	It was the height of the cold war when the expedition vanished.
陈述句	Star Wars.
陈述句	You're probably too young to remember that.
并列句	The Americans and the Russians were building enormous radar installations all across the Arctic....
疑问句	Anyway, what can I do for you?
陈述句	Well, said Will, trying to keep calm, I was just trying to find out about that expedition, really.
陈述句	For a school project about prehistoric people.
并列句	And I read about this expedition that disappeared, and I got curious.
陈述句	Well, you're not the only one, as you see.
陈述句	There was a big to-do about it at the time.
陈述句	I looked it all up for the journalist.
陈述句	It was a preliminary survey, not a proper dig.
并列句	You can't do a dig till you know whether it's worth spending time on it, so this group went out to look at a number of sites and make a report.
陈述句	Half a dozen blokes altogether.
并列句	Sometimes on an expedition like this you combine forces with people from another discipline—you know, geologists or whatever—to split the cost.
并列句	They look at their stuff and we look at ours.
陈述句	In this case there was a physicist on the team.
陈述句	I think he was looking at high-level atmospheric particles.
陈述句	The aurora, you know, the northern lights.
陈述句	He had balloons with radio transmitters, apparently.
并列句	And there was another man with them.
陈述句	An ex-Marine, a sort of professional explorer.
并列句	They were going up into some fairly wild territory, and polar bears are always a danger in the Arctic.
并列句	Archaeologists can deal with some things, but we're not trained to shoot, and someone who can do that and navigate and make camp and do all the sort of survival stuff is very useful.
并列句	But then they all vanished.
并列句	They kept in radio contact with a local survey station, but one day the signal didn't come, and nothing more was heard.
并列句	There'd been a buzzard, but that was nothing unusual.
并列句	The search expedition found their last camp more or less intact, though the bears had eaten their stores.
并列句	But there was no sign of the people whatsoever.
并列句	And that's all I can tell you, I'm afraid.
陈述句	Yes, said Will.
陈述句	Thank you.
陈述句	Umm ... that journalist, he went on, stopping at the door.
陈述句	You said he was interested in one of the men.
疑问句	Which one was it?
陈述句	The explorer type.
陈述句	A man called Parry.
疑问句	What did he look like?
疑问句	The journalist, I mean?
疑问句	What d'you want to know that for?
原因状语从句	Because ... Will couldn't think of a plausible reason.
陈述句	He shouldn't have asked.
陈述句	No reason.
陈述句	I just wondered.
陈述句	As far as I can remember, he was a big blond man.
陈述句	Very pale hair.
并列句	Right, thanks, Will said, and turned to go.
陈述句	The man watched him leave the room, saying nothing, frowning a little.
并列句	Will saw him reach for the phone, and left the building quickly.
陈述句	He found he was shaking.
并列句	The journalist, so called, was one of the men who'd come to his house: a tall man with such fair hair that he seemed to have no eyebrows or eyelashes.
并列句	He wasn't the one Will had knocked down the stairs: he was the one who'd appeared at the door of the living room as Will ran down and jumped over the body.
并列句	But he wasn't a journalist.
陈述句	There was a large museum nearby.
并列句	Will went in, holding his clipboard as if he were working, and sat down in a gallery hung with paintings.
原因状语从句	He was trembling hard and feeling sick, because pressing at him was the knowledge that he'd killed someone, that he was a murderer.
并列句	He'd kept it at bay till now, but it was closing in.
陈述句	He'd taken away the man's life.
并列句	He sat still for half an hour, and it was one of the worst half-hours he'd ever spent.
并列句	People came and went, looking at the paintings, talking in quiet voices, ignoring him; a gallery attendant stood in the doorway for a few minutes, hands behind his back, and then slowly moved away; and Will wrestled with the horror of what he'd done, and didn't move a muscle.
陈述句	Gradually he grew calmer.
陈述句	He'd been defending his mother.
陈述句	They were frightening her; given the state she was in, they were persecuting her.
陈述句	He had a right to defend his home.
陈述句	His father would have wanted him to do that.
原因状语从句	He did it because it was the good thing to do.
陈述句	He did it to stop them from stealing the green leather case.
并列句	He did it so he could find his father; and didn't he have a right to do that?
并列句	All his childish games came back to him, with himself and his father rescuing each other from avalanches or fighting pirates.
陈述句	Well, now it was real.
陈述句	I'll find you, he said in his mind.
并列句	Just help me and I'll find you, and we'll look after Mum, and everything'll be all right.... And after all, he had somewhere to hide now, somewhere so safe no one would ever find him.
并列句	And the papers from the case (which he still hadn't had time to read) were safe too, under the mattress in Cittagazze.
并列句	Finally he noticed people moving more purposefully, and all in the same direction.
原因状语从句	They were leaving, because the attendant was telling them that the museum would close in ten minutes.
并列句	Will gathered himself and left.
并列句	He found his way to the High Street, where the lawyer's office was, and wondered about going to see him, despite what he'd said earlier.
陈述句	The man had sounded friendly enough....
并列句	But as he made up his mind to cross the street and go in, he stopped suddenly.
陈述句	The tall man with the pale eyebrows was getting out of a car.
并列句	Will turned aside at once, casually, and looked in the window of the jeweler's shop beside him.
并列句	He saw the man's reflection look around, settle the knot of his tie, and go into the lawyer's office.
陈述句	As soon as he'd gone in, Will moved away, his heart thudding again.
陈述句	There wasn't anywhere safe.
并列句	He drifted toward the university library and waited for Lyra.
陈述句	FIVE AIRMAIL PAPER Will, said Lyra.
并列句	She spoke quietly, but he was startled all the same.
并列句	She was sitting on the bench beside him and he hadn't even noticed.
疑问句	Where did you come from?
感叹句	I found my Scholar!
陈述句	She's called Dr. Malone.
并列句	And she's got an engine that can see Dust, and she's going to make it talk— I didn't see you coming.
陈述句	You weren't looking, she said.
陈述句	You must've been thinking about something else.
陈述句	It's a good thing I found you.
陈述句	Look, it's easy to fool people.
陈述句	Watch.
并列句	Two police officers were strolling toward them, a man and a woman on the beat, in their white summer shirtsleeves, with their radios and their batons and their suspicious eyes.
并列句	Before they reached the bench, Lyra was on her feet and speaking to them.
疑问句	Please, could you tell me where the museum is?
陈述句	she said.
并列句	Me and my brother was supposed to meet our parents there and we got lost.
并列句	The policeman looked at Will, and Will, containing his anger, shrugged as if to say, She's right, we're lost, isn't it silly.
陈述句	The man smiled.
疑问句	The woman said: Which museum?
疑问句	The Ashmolean?
并列句	Yeah, that one, said Lyra, and pretended to listen carefully as the woman gave her instructions.
并列句	Will got up and said, Thanks, and he and Lyra moved away together.
并列句	They didn't look back, but the police had already lost interest.
疑问句	See?
陈述句	she said.
条件状语从句	If they were looking for you, I put 'em off.
陈述句	'Cause they won't be looking for someone with a sister.
陈述句	I better stay with you from now on, she went on scoldingly once they'd gone around the corner.
陈述句	You en't safe on your own.
陈述句	He said nothing.
陈述句	His heart was thumping with rage.
并列句	They walked along toward a round building with a great leaden dome, set in a square bounded by honey-colored stone college buildings and a church and wide-crowned trees above high garden walls.
并列句	The afternoon sun drew the warmest tones out of it all, and the air felt rich with it, almost the color itself of heavy golden wine.
并列句	All the leaves were still, and in this little square even the traffic noise was hushed.
并列句	She finally became aware of Will's feelings and said, What's the matter?
条件状语从句	If you speak to people, you just attract their attention, he said, with a shaking voice.
并列句	You should just keep quiet and still and they overlook you.
陈述句	I've been doing it all my life.
陈述句	I know how to do it.
陈述句	Your way, you just—you make yourself visible.
陈述句	You shouldn't do that.
陈述句	You shouldn't play at it.
陈述句	You're not being serious.
疑问句	You think so?
并列句	she said, and her anger flashed.
并列句	You think I don't know about lying and that?
陈述句	I'm the best liar there ever was.
并列句	But I en't lying to you, and I never will, I swear it.
并列句	You're in danger, and if I hadn't done that just then, you'd've been caught.
疑问句	Didn't you see 'em looking at you?
陈述句	'Cause they were.
陈述句	You en't careful enough.
条件状语从句	If you want my opinion, it's you that en't serious.
条件状语从句	If I'm not serious, what am I doing hanging about waiting for you when I could be miles away?
并列句	Or hiding out of sight, safe in that other city?
并列句	I've got my own things to do, but I'm hanging about here so I can help you.
陈述句	Don't tell me I'm not serious.
陈述句	You had to come through, she said, furious.
陈述句	No one should speak to her like this.
陈述句	She was an aristocrat.
陈述句	She was Lyra.
陈述句	You had to, else you'd never find out anything about your father.
陈述句	You done it for yourself, not for me.
原因状语从句	They were quarreling passionately, but in subdued voices, because of the quiet in the square and the people who were wandering past nearby.
让步状语从句	When she said this, though, Will stopped altogether.
陈述句	He had to lean against the college wall beside him.
陈述句	The color had left his face.
疑问句	What do you know about my father?
陈述句	he said very quietly.
陈述句	She replied in the same tone.
陈述句	I don't know anything.
陈述句	All I know is you're looking for him.
陈述句	That's all I asked about.
疑问句	Asked who?
陈述句	The alethiometer, of course.
陈述句	It took a moment for him to remember what she meant.
并列句	And then he looked so angry and suspicious that she took it out of her rucksack and said, All right, I'll show you.
并列句	And she sat down on the stone curb around the grass in the middle of the square and bent her head over the golden instrument and began to turn the hands, her fingers moving almost too quickly to see, and then pausing for several seconds while the slender needle whipped around the dial, flicking to a stop here and there, and then turning the hands to new positions just as quickly.
并列句	Will looked around carefully, but there was no one near to see; a group of tourists looked up at file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (50 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. the domed building, an ice cream vendor wheeled his cart along the pavement, but their attention was elsewhere.
并列句	Lyra blinked and sighed, as if she were waking after a sleep.
陈述句	Your mother's ill, she said quietly.
并列句	But she's safe.
陈述句	There's this lady looking after her.
并列句	And you took some letters and ran away.
并列句	And there was a man, I think he was a thief, and you killed him.
并列句	And you're looking for your father, and— All right, shut up, said Will.
陈述句	That's enough.
陈述句	You've got no right to look into my life like that.
陈述句	Don't ever do that again.
陈述句	That's just spying.
陈述句	I know when to stop asking, she said.
陈述句	See, the alethio-meter's like a person, almost.
并列句	I sort of know when it's going to be cross or when there's things it doesn't want me to know.
陈述句	I kind of feel it.
并列句	But when you come out of nowhere yesterday, I had to ask it who you were, or I might not have been safe.
陈述句	I had to.
并列句	And it said ... She lowered her voice even more.
并列句	It said you was a murderer, and I thought, Good, that's all right, he's someone I can trust.
并列句	But I didn't ask more than that till just now, and if you don't want me to ask any more, I promise I won't.
陈述句	This en't like a private peep show.
并列句	If I done nothing but spy on people, it'd stop working.
陈述句	I know that as well as I know my own Oxford.
陈述句	You could have asked me instead of that thing.
并列句	Did it say whether my father was alive or dead?
原因状语从句	No, because I didn't ask.
陈述句	They were both sitting by this time.
陈述句	Will put his head in his hands with weariness.
陈述句	Well, he said finally, I suppose we'll have to trust each other.
陈述句	That's all right.
陈述句	I trust you.
陈述句	Will nodded grimly.
并列句	He was so tired, and there was not the slightest possibility of sleep in this world.
并列句	Lyra wasn't usually so perceptive, but something in his manner made her think: He's afraid, but he's mastering his fear, like lorek Byrnison said we had to do; like I did by the fish house at the frozen lake.
并列句	And, Will, she added, I won't give you away, not to anyone.
陈述句	I promise.
陈述句	Good.
陈述句	I done that before.
陈述句	I betrayed someone.
并列句	And it was the worst thing I ever did.
陈述句	I thought I was saving his life actually, only I was taking him right to the most dangerous place there could be.
陈述句	I hated myself for that, for being so stupid.
并列句	So I'll try very hard not to be careless or forget and betray you.
陈述句	He said nothing.
并列句	He rubbed his eyes and blinked hard to try and wake himself up.
陈述句	We can't go back through the window till much later, he said.
陈述句	We shouldn't have come through in daylight anyway.
陈述句	We can't risk anyone seeing.
并列句	And now we've got to hang around for hours....
陈述句	I'm hungry, Lyra said.
感叹句	Then he said, I know!
感叹句	We can go to the cinema!
陈述句	The what?” I'll show you.
陈述句	We can get some food there too.
陈述句	There was a cinema near the city center, ten minutes' walk away.
并列句	Will paid for both of them to get in, and bought hot dogs and popcorn and Coke, and they carried the food inside and sat down just as the film was beginning.
陈述句	Lyra was entranced.
并列句	She had seen projected photograms, but nothing in her world had prepared her for the cinema.
并列句	She wolfed down the hot dog and the popcorn, gulped the Coca-Cola, and gasped and laughed with delight at the characters on the screen.
并列句	Luckily it was a noisy audience, full of children, and her excitement wasn't conspicuous.
并列句	Will closed his eyes at once and went to sleep.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (51 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
并列句	He woke when he heard the clatter of seats as people moved out, and blinked in the light.
陈述句	His watch showed a quarter past eight.
陈述句	Lyra came away reluctantly.
陈述句	That's the best thing I ever saw in my whole life, she said.
陈述句	I dunno why they never invented this in my world.
并列句	We got some things better than you, but this was better than anything we got.
陈述句	Will couldn't even remember what the film had been.
并列句	It was still light outside, and the streets were busy.
疑问句	D'you want to see another one?
感叹句	Yeah!
并列句	So they went to the next cinema, a few hundred yards away around the corner, and did it again.
并列句	Lyra settled down with her feet on the seat, hugging her knees, and Will let his mind go blank.
陈述句	When they came out this time, it was nearly eleven o'clock—much better.
并列句	Lyra was hungry again, so they bought hamburgers from a cart and ate them as they walked along, something else new to her.
陈述句	We always sit down to eat.
陈述句	I never seen people just walking along eating before, she told him.
陈述句	There's so many ways this place is different.
陈述句	The traffic, for one.
陈述句	I don't like it.
并列句	I like the cinema, though, and hamburgers.
陈述句	I like them a lot.
并列句	And that Scholar, Dr. Malone, she's going to make that engine use words.
陈述句	I just know she is.
并列句	I'll go back there tomorrow and see how she's getting on.
陈述句	I bet I could help her.
陈述句	I could probably get the Scholars to give her the money she wants, too.
疑问句	You know how my father did it?
疑问句	Lord Asriel?
并列句	He played a trick on them.... As they walked up the Banbury Road, she told him about the night she hid in the wardrobe and watched Lord Asriel show the Jordan Scholars the severed head of Stanislaus Grumman in the vacuum flask.
并列句	And since Will was such a good audience, she went on and told him the rest of her story, from the time she escaped from Mrs. Coulter's flat to the horrible moment when she realized she'd led Roger to his death on the icy cliffs of Svalbard.
并列句	Will listened without comment, but attentively, with sympathy.
并列句	Her account of a voyage in a balloon, of armored bears and witches, of a vengeful arm of the Church, seemed all of a piece with his own fantastic dream of a beautiful city on the sea, empty and silent and safe: it couldn't be true, it was as simple as that.
并列句	But eventually they reached the ring road, and the hornbeam trees.
并列句	There was very little traffic now: a car every minute or so, no more than that.
并列句	And there was the window.
陈述句	Will felt himself smiling.
陈述句	It was going to be all right.
陈述句	Wait till there's no cars coming, he said.
陈述句	I'm going through now.
并列句	And a moment later he was on the grass under the palm trees, and a second or two afterward Lyra followed.
条件状语从句	They felt as if they were home again.
并列句	The wide warm night, and the scent of flowers and the sea, and the silence, bathed them like soothing water.
并列句	Lyra stretched and yawned, and Will felt a great weight lift off his shoulders.
并列句	He had been carrying it all day, and he hadn't noticed how it had nearly pressed him into the ground; but now he felt light and free and at peace.
并列句	And then Lyra gripped his arm.
陈述句	In the same second he heard what had made her do it.
陈述句	Somewhere in the little streets beyond the cafe, something was screaming.
并列句	Will set off at once toward the sound, and Lyra followed behind as he plunged down a narrow alley shadowed from the moonlight.
并列句	After several twists and turns they came out into the square in front of the stone tower they'd seen that morning.
并列句	Twenty or so children were facing inward in a semicircle at the base of the tower, and some of them had sticks in their hands, and some were throwing stones at whatever they had trapped against the wall.
并列句	At first Lyra thought it was another child, but coming from inside the semicircle file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (52 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. was a horrible high wailing that wasn't human at all.
并列句	And the children were screaming too, in fear as well as hatred.
并列句	Will ran up to the children and pulled the first one back.
陈述句	It was a boy of about his own age, a boy in a striped T-shirt.
并列句	As he turned Lyra saw the wild white rims around his pupils, and then the other children realized what was happening and stopped to look.
并列句	Angelica and her little brother were there too, stones in hand, and all the children's eyes glittered fiercely in the moonlight.
陈述句	They fell silent.
并列句	Only the high wailing continued, and then both Will and Lyra saw what it was: a tabby cat, cowering against the wall of the tower, its ear torn and its tail bent.
陈述句	It was the cat Will had seen in Sunderland Avenue, the one like Moxie, the one that had led him to the window.
陈述句	As soon as he saw her, he flung aside the boy he was holding.
并列句	The boy fell to the ground and was up in a moment, furious, but the others held him back.
陈述句	Will was already kneeling by the cat.
并列句	And then she was in his arms.
并列句	She fled to his breast and he cradled her close and stood to face the children, and Lyra thought for a crazy second that his daemon had appeared at last.
疑问句	What are you hurting this cat for?
并列句	he demanded, and they couldn't answer.
并列句	They stood trembling at Will's anger, breathing heavily, clutching their sticks and their stones, and they couldn't speak.
并列句	But then Angelica's voice came clearly: You ain' from here!
感叹句	You ain' from Ci'gazze!
陈述句	You didn' know about Specters, you don' know about cats either.
感叹句	You ain' like us!
并列句	The boy in the striped T-shirt whom Will had thrown down was trembling to fight, and if it hadn't been for the cat in Will's arms, he would have flown at Will with fists and teeth and feet, and Will would have gladly joined battle.
陈述句	There was a current of electric hatred between the two of them that only violence could ground.
并列句	But the boy was afraid of the cat.
疑问句	Where you come from?
陈述句	he said contemptuously.
陈述句	Doesn't matter where we come from.
条件状语从句	If you're scared of this cat, I'll take her away from you.
条件状语从句	If she's bad luck to you, she'll be good luck for us.
陈述句	Now get out of the way.
并列句	For a moment Will thought their hatred would overcome their fear, and he was preparing to put the cat down and fight, but then came a low thunderous growl from behind the children, and they turned to see Lyra standing with her hand on the shoulders of a great spotted leopard whose teeth shone white as he snarled.
陈述句	Even Will, who recognized Pantalaimon, was frightened for a second.
并列句	Its effect on the children was dramatic: they turned and fled at once.
陈述句	A few seconds later the square was empty.
并列句	But before they left, Lyra looked up at the tower.
并列句	A growl from Pantalaimon prompted her, and just briefly she saw someone there on the very top, looking down over the battle-mented rim, and not a child either, but a young man, with curly hair.
陈述句	Half an hour later they were in the flat above the cafe.
并列句	Will had found a tin of condensed milk, and the cat had lapped it hungrily and then begun to lick her wounds.
并列句	Pantalaimon had become cat-formed out of curiosity, and at first the tabby cat had bristled with suspicion, but she soon realized that whatever Pantalaimon was, he was neither a true cat nor a threat, and proceeded to ignore him.
陈述句	Lyra watched Will tending this one with fascination.
并列句	The only animals she had been close to in her world (apart from the armored bears) were working animals of one sort or another.
陈述句	Cats were for keeping Jordan College clear of mice, not for making pets of.
陈述句	I think her tail's broken, Will said.
陈述句	I don't know what to do about that.
陈述句	Maybe it'll heal by itself.
陈述句	I'll put some honey on her ear.
陈述句	I read about that somewhere; it's antiseptic....
并列句	It was messy, but at least it kept her occupied licking it off, and the wound was getting cleaner all the time.
疑问句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (53 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. You sure this is the one you saw?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Oh, yes.
并列句	And if they're all so frightened of cats, there wouldn't be many in this world anyway.
陈述句	She probably couldn't find her way back.
陈述句	They were just crazy, Lyra said.
陈述句	They would have killed her.
陈述句	I never seen kids being like that.
陈述句	I have, said Will.
并列句	But his face had closed; he didn't want to talk about it, and she knew better than to ask.
陈述句	She knew she wouldn't even ask the alethiometer.
并列句	She was very tired, so presently she went to bed and slept at once.
并列句	A little later, when the cat had curled up to sleep, Will took a cup of coffee and the green leather writing case, and sat on the balcony.
并列句	There was enough light corning through the window for him to read by, and he wanted to look at the papers.
陈述句	There weren't many.
陈述句	As he'd thought, they were letters, written on airmail paper in black ink.
并列句	These very marks were made by the hand of the man he wanted so much to find; he moved his fingers over and over them, and pressed them to his face, trying to get closer to the essence of his father.
陈述句	Then he started to read.
并列句	Fairbanks, Alaska Wednesday, 19 June 1985 My darling—the usual mixture of efficiency and chaos— all the stores are here but the physicist, a genial dimwit called Nelson, hasn 't made any arrangements for carrying his damn balloons up into the mountains—having to twiddle our thumbs while he scrabbles around for transport.
并列句	But it means I had a chance to talk to an old boy I met last time, a gold miner called Jake Petersen.
并列句	Tracked him down to a dingy bar and under the sound of the baseball game on the TV I asked him about the anomaly.
陈述句	He wouldn 't talk there—took me back to his apartment.
并列句	With the help of a bottle of Jack Daniel's he talked for a long time—hadn 't seen it himself, but he 'd met an Eskimo who had, and this chap said it was a doorway into the spirit world.
并列句	They 'd known about it for centuries; pan of the initiation of a medicine man involved going through and bringing back a trophy of some kind—though some never came back.
并列句	However, old Jake did have a map of the area, and he 'd marked on it where his pal had told him the thing was.
并列句	(Just in case: it's at 69°02'11 N, 157°12'19 W,ona spur of Lookout Ridge a mile or two north of the Colville River.)
陈述句	We then got on to other Arctic legends—the Norwegian ship that's been drifting unmanned for sixty years, stuff like that.
并列句	The archaeologists are a decent crew, keen to get to work, containing their impatience with Nelson and his balloons.
并列句	None of them has ever heard of the anomaly, and believe me I'm going to keep it like that.
陈述句	My fondest love to you both.
陈述句	Johnny.
并列句	Umiat, Alaska Saturday, 22 June 1985 My darling—-so much for what did I call him, a genial dimwit—the physicist Nelson is nothing of the sort, and if I'm not mistaken he's actually looking for the anomaly himself.
疑问句	The holdup in Fairbanks was orchestrated by him, would you believe?
并列句	Knowing that the rest of the team wouldn't want to wait for anything less than an unarguable reason like no transport, he personally sent ahead and canceled the vehicles that had been ordered.
并列句	I found this out by accident, and I was going to ask him what the hell he was playing at when I overheard him file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (54 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. talking on the radio to someone—describing the anomaly, no less, except he didn 't know the location.
并列句	Later on I bought him a drink, played the bluff soldier, old Arctic hand, more things in heaven and earth  line.
陈述句	Pretended to tease him with the limitations of science—bet you can't explain Bigfoot, etc.—watching him closely.
陈述句	Then sprung the anomaly on him—Eskimo legend of a doorway into spirit world—invisible—somewhere near Lookout Ridge, would you believe, where we're heading for, fancy that.
并列句	And you know he was jolted rigid.
陈述句	He knew exactly what I meant.
并列句	I pretended not to notice and went on to witchcraft, told him the Zaire leopard story.
陈述句	So I hope he's got me down as a superstitious military blockhead.
并列句	But I'm right, Elaine— he's looking for it too.
并列句	The question is, do I tell him or not?
陈述句	Got to work out what his game is.
陈述句	Fondest love to both— Johnny.
陈述句	Colville Bar, Alaska Monday, 24 June 1985 Darling—I won't get a chance to post another letter for a while—this is the last town before we take to the hills, the Brooks Range.
陈述句	The archaeologists are fizzing to get up there.
陈述句	One chap is convinced he'll find evidence of much earlier habitation than anyone suspected.
并列句	I said how much earlier, and why was he convinced.
陈述句	He told me of some narwhal-ivory carvings he'd found on a previous dig—carbon 14-dated to some incredible age, way outside the range of what was previously assumed; anomalous, in fact.
条件状语从句	Wouldn't it be strange if they 'd come through my anomaly, from some other world?
陈述句	Talking of which, the physicist Nelson is my closest buddy now— kids me along, drops hints to imply that he knows that I know that he knows, etc.
并列句	And I pretend to be bluff Major Parry, stout fellow in a crisis but not too much between the ears, what.
并列句	But I know he's after it.
让步状语从句	For one thing, although he's a bona fide academic his funding actually comes from the Ministry of Defense—I know the financial codes they use.
并列句	And for another his so-called weather balloons are nothing of the sort.
条件状语从句	I looked in the crate—a radiation suit if ever I've seen one.
陈述句	A rum do, my darling.
并列句	I shall stick to my plan: take the archaeologists to their spot and go off by my self for a few days to look for the anomaly.
条件状语从句	If I bump into Nelson wandering about on Lookout Ridge, I'll play it by ear.
陈述句	Later.
陈述句	A real bit of luck.
陈述句	I met Jake Petersen 's pal the Eskimo, Matt Kigalik.
并列句	Jake had told me where to find him, but I hadn 't dared to hope he 'd be there.
原因状语从句	He told me the Soviets had been looking for the anomaly too; he'd come across a man earlier this year high up in the range and watched him for a couple of days without being seen, because he guessed what he was doing, and he was right, and the man turned out to be Russian, a spy.
陈述句	He didn 't tell me more than that; I got the impression he bumped him off.
并列句	But he described the thing to me.
陈述句	It's like a gap in the air, a sort of window.
并列句	You look through it and you see another world.
原因状语从句	But it's not easy to find because that part of the other world looks just like this—rocks and moss and so forth.
并列句	It's on the north side of a small creek fifty paces or so to the west of a tall rock shaped like a standing bear, and the position Jake gave me is not quite right—it's nearer 12 N than 11.
陈述句	Wish me luck, my darling.
陈述句	I'll bring you back a trophy from the spirit world.
陈述句	I love you forever— kiss the boy for me—Johnny.
陈述句	Will found his head ringing.
陈述句	His father was describing exactly what he himself had found under the hornbeam trees.
感叹句	He, too, had found a window—he even used the same word for it!
陈述句	So Will must be on the right track.
并列句	And this knowledge was what the men had been searching for...
陈述句	So it was dangerous, too.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (55 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Will had been just a baby when that letter was written.
并列句	Seven years after that had come the morning in the supermarket when he realized his mother was in terrible danger, and he had to protect her; and then slowly in the months that followed came his growing realization that the danger was in her mind, and he had to protect her all the more.
并列句	And then, brutally, the revelation that not all the danger had been in her mind after all.
陈述句	There really was someone after her—after these letters, this information.
陈述句	He had no idea what it meant.
并列句	But he felt deeply happy that he had something so important to share with his father; that John Parry and his son Will had each, separately, discovered this extraordinary thing.
并列句	When they met, they could talk about it, and his father would be proud that Will had followed in his footsteps.
并列句	The night was quiet and the sea was still.
并列句	He folded the letters away and fell asleep.
疑问句	SIX LIGHTED FLIERS Grumman?
陈述句	said the black-bearded fur trader.
疑问句	From the Berlin Academy?
陈述句	Reckless.
陈述句	I met him five years back over at the northern end of the Urals.
陈述句	I thought he was dead.
并列句	Sam Cansino, an old acquaintance and a Texan like Lee Scoresby, sat in the naphtha-laden, smoky bar of the Samirsky Hotel and tossed back a shot glass of bitingly cold vodka.
并列句	He nudged the plate of pickled fish and black bread toward Lee, who took a mouthful and nodded for Sam to tell him more.
并列句	He'd walked into a trap that fool Yakovlev laid, the fur trader went on, and cut his leg open to the bone.
陈述句	Instead of using regular medicines, he insisted on using the stuff the bears use— bloodmoss—some kind of lichen, it ain't a true moss.
并列句	Anyway, he was lying on a sledge alternately roaring with pain and calling out instructions to his men—they were taking star sights, and they had to get the measurements right or he'd lash them with his tongue, and boy, he had a tongue like barbed wire.
陈述句	A lean man, tough, powerful, curious about everything.
疑问句	You know he was a Tartar, by initiation?
陈述句	You don't say, said Lee Scoresby, tipping more vodka into Sam's glass.
陈述句	His daemon, Hester, crouched at his elbow on the bar, eyes half-closed as usual, ears flat along her back.
并列句	Lee had arrived that afternoon, borne to Nova Zembla by the wind the witches had called up, and once he'd stowed his equipment he'd made straight for the Samirsky Hotel, near the fish-packing station.
并列句	This was a place where many Arctic drifters stopped to exchange news or look for employment or leave messages for one another, and Lee Scoresby had spent several days there in the past, waiting for a contract or a passenger or a fair wind, so there was nothing unusual in his conduct now.
并列句	And with the vast changes they sensed in the world around them, it was natural for people to gather and talk.
并列句	With every day that passed came more news: the river Yenisei was free of ice, and at this time of year, too; part of the ocean had drained away, exposing strange regular formations of stone on the seabed; a squid a hundred feet long had snatched three fishermen out of their boat and torn them apart.... file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (56 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. And the fog continued to roll in from the north, dense and cold and occasionally drenched with the strangest imaginable light, in which great forms could be vaguely seen, and mysterious voices heard.
陈述句	Altogether it was a bad time to work, which was why the bar of the Samirsky Hotel was full.
疑问句	Did you say Grumman?
陈述句	said the man sitting just along the bar, an elderly man in seal hunter's rig, whose lemming daemon looked out solemnly from his pocket.
陈述句	He was a Tartar all right.
陈述句	I was there when he joined that tribe.
陈述句	I saw him having his skull drilled.
陈述句	He had another name, too—a Tartar name; I'll think of it in a minute.
陈述句	Well, how about that, said Lee Scoresby.
陈述句	Let me buy you a drink, my friend.
陈述句	I'm looking for news of this man.
疑问句	What tribe was it he joined?
陈述句	The Yenisei Pakhtars.
陈述句	At the foot of the Semyonov Range.
并列句	Near a fork of the Yenisei and the—I forget what it's called— a river that comes down from the hills.
陈述句	There's a rock the size of a house at the landing stage.
陈述句	Ah, sure, said Lee.
陈述句	I remember it now.
陈述句	I've flown over it.
并列句	And Grumman had his skull drilled, you say?
疑问句	Why was that?
陈述句	He was a shaman, said the old seal hunter.
陈述句	I think the tribe recognized him as a shaman before they adopted him.
陈述句	Some business, that drilling.
并列句	It goes on for two nights and a day.
陈述句	They use a bow drill, like for lighting a fire.
陈述句	Ah, that accounts for the way his team was obeying him, said Sam Cansino.
并列句	They were the roughest bunch of scoundrels I ever saw, but they ran around doing his bidding like nervous children.
陈述句	I thought it was his cursing that did it.
条件状语从句	If they thought he was a shaman, it'd make even more sense.
并列句	But you know, that man's curiosity was as powerful as a wolf's jaws; he would not let go.
并列句	He made me tell him every scrap I knew about the land thereabouts, and the habits of wolverines and foxes.
并列句	And he was in some pain from that damn trap of Yakovlev's; leg laid open, and he was writing the results of that bloodmoss, taking his temperature, watching the scar form, making notes on every damn thing.... A strange man.
并列句	There was a witch who wanted him for a lover, but he turned her down.
疑问句	Is that so?
陈述句	said Lee, thinking of the beauty of Serafina Pekkala.
陈述句	He shouldn't have done that, said the seal hunter.
陈述句	A witch offers you her love, you should take it.
条件状语从句	If you don't, it's your own fault if bad things happen to you.
并列句	It's like having to make a choice: a blessing or a curse.
陈述句	The one thing you can't do is choose neither.
陈述句	He might have had a reason, said Lee.
条件状语从句	If he had any sense, it will have been a good one.
陈述句	He was headstrong, said Sam Cansino.
陈述句	Maybe faithful to another woman, Lee guessed.
陈述句	I heard something else about him; I heard he knew the whereabouts of some magic object, I don't know what it might be, that could protect anyone who held it.
疑问句	Did you ever hear that story?
陈述句	Yes, I heard that, said the seal hunter.
并列句	He didn't have it himself, but he knew where it was.
并列句	There was a man who tried to make him tell, but Grumman killed him.
陈述句	His daemon, now, said Sam Cansino, that was curious.
并列句	She was an eagle, a black eagle with a white head and breast, of a kind I'd never set eyes on, and I didn't know how she might be called.
陈述句	She was an osprey, said the barman, listening in.
疑问句	You're talking about Stan Grumman?
陈述句	His daemon was an osprey.
陈述句	A fish eagle.
疑问句	What happened to him?
陈述句	said Lee Scoresby.
陈述句	Oh, he got mixed up in the Skraeling wars over to Bering-land.
陈述句	Last I heard he'd been shot, said the seal hunter.
陈述句	Killed outright.
陈述句	I heard they beheaded him, said Lee Scoresby.
原因状语从句	No, you're both wrong, said the barman, and I know, because I heard it from an limit who was file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (57 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. with him.
并列句	Seems that they were camped out on Sakhalin somewhere and there was an avalanche.
陈述句	Grumman was buried under a hundred tons of rock.
陈述句	This Inuit saw it happen.
陈述句	What I can't understand, said Lee Scoresby, offering the bottle around, is what the man was doing.
疑问句	Was he prospecting for rock oil, maybe?
并列句	Or was he a military man?
并列句	Or was it something philosophical?
陈述句	You said something about measurements, Sam.
疑问句	What would that be?
陈述句	They were measuring the starlight.
并列句	And the aurora.
陈述句	He had a passion for the aurora.
让步状语从句	I think his main interest was in ruins, though.
陈述句	Ancient things.
陈述句	I know who could tell you more, said the seal hunter.
陈述句	Up the mountain they have an observatory belonging to the Imperial Muscovite Academy.
陈述句	They'd be able to tell you.
陈述句	I know he went up there more than once.
疑问句	What d'you want to know for, anyway, Lee?
陈述句	said Sam Cansino.
陈述句	He owes me some money, said Lee Scoresby.
陈述句	This explanation was so satisfying that it stopped their curiosity at once.
陈述句	The conversation turned to the topic on everyone's lips: the catastrophic changes taking place around them, which no one could see.
陈述句	The fishermen, said the seal hunter, they say you can sail right up into that new world.
疑问句	There's a new world?
陈述句	said Lee.
陈述句	As soon as this damn fog clears we'll see right into it, the seal hunter told them confidently.
并列句	When it first happened, I was out in my kayak and looking north, just by chance.
陈述句	I'll never forget what I saw.
陈述句	Instead of the earth curving down over the horizon, it went straight on.
并列句	I could see forever, and as far as I could see, there was land and shoreline, mountains, harbors, green trees, and fields of corn, forever into the sky.
陈述句	I tell you, friends, that was something worth toiling fifty years to see, a sight like that.
并列句	I would have paddled up the sky into that calm sea without a backward glance; but then came the fog....
陈述句	Ain't never seen a fog like this, grumbled Sam Cansino.
陈述句	Reckon it's set in for a month, maybe more.
并列句	But you're out of luck if you want money from Stanislaus Grumman, Lee; the man's dead.
感叹句	Ah!
感叹句	I got his Tartar name!
陈述句	said the seal hunter.
陈述句	I just remembered what they called him during the drilling.
陈述句	It sounded like Jopari.
疑问句	Jopari?
陈述句	That's no kind of name I've ever heard of, said Lee.
陈述句	Might be Nipponese, I suppose.
并列句	Well, if I want my money, maybe I can chase up his heirs and assigns.
并列句	Or maybe the Berlin Academy can square the debt.
条件状语从句	I'll go ask at the observatory, see if they have an address I can apply to.
并列句	The observatory was some distance to the north, and Lee Scoresby hired a dog sledge and driver.
并列句	It wasn't easy to find someone willing to risk the journey in the fog, but Lee was persuasive, or his money was; and eventually an old Tartar from the Ob region agreed to take him there, after a lengthy bout of haggling.
并列句	The driver didn't rely on a compass, or he would have found it impossible.
陈述句	He navigated by other signs—his Arctic fox daemon for one, who sat at the front of the sledge keenly scenting the way.
陈述句	Lee, who carried his compass everywhere, had realized already that the earth's magnetic field was as disturbed as everything else.
陈述句	The old driver said, as they stopped to brew coffee, This happen before, this thing.
疑问句	What, the sky opening?
疑问句	That happened before?
陈述句	Many thousand generation.
陈述句	My people remember.
陈述句	All long time ago, many thousand generation.
疑问句	What do they say about it?
并列句	Sky fall open, and spirits move between this world and that world.
陈述句	All the lands move.
陈述句	The ice melt, then freeze again.
陈述句	The spirits close up the hole after a while.
陈述句	Seal it up.
并列句	But witches say the file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (58 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. sky is thin there, behind the northern lights.
疑问句	What's going to happen, Umaq?
陈述句	Same thing as before.
陈述句	Make all same again.
并列句	But only after big trouble, big war.
陈述句	Spirit war.
并列句	The driver wouldn't tell him any more, and soon they moved on, tracking slowly over undulations and hollows and past outcrops of dim rock, dark through the pallid fog, until the old man said: Observatory up there.
陈述句	You walk now.
陈述句	Path too crooked for sledge.
陈述句	You want go back, I wait here.
陈述句	Yeah, I want to go back when I've finished, Umaq.
并列句	You make yourself a fire, my friend, and sit and rest a spell.
陈述句	I'll be three, four hours maybe.
并列句	Lee Scoresby set off, with Hester tucked into the breast of his coat, and after half an hour's stiff climb found a clump of buildings suddenly above him as if they'd just been placed there by a giant hand.
并列句	But the effect was only due to a momentary lifting of the fog, and after a minute it closed in again.
并列句	He saw the great dome of the main observatory, a smaller one a little way off, and between them a group of administration buildings and domestic quarters.
原因状语从句	No lights showed, because the windows were blacked out permanently so as not to spoil the darkness for their telescopes.
陈述句	A few minutes after he arrived, Lee was talking to a group of astronomers eager to learn what news he could bring them, for there are few natural philosophers as frustrated as astronomers in a fog.
并列句	He told them about everything he'd seen, and once that topic had been thoroughly dealt with, he asked about Stanislaus Grumman The astronomers hadn't had a visitor in weeks, and they were keen to talk.
疑问句	Grumman?
陈述句	Yes, I'll tell you something about him, said the Director.
陈述句	He was an Englishman, in spite of his name.
陈述句	I remember— Surely not, said his deputy.
陈述句	He was a member of the Imperial German Academy.
陈述句	I met him in Berlin.
陈述句	I was sure he was German.
陈述句	No, I think you'll find he was English.
陈述句	His command of that language was immaculate, anyway, said the Director.
并列句	But I agree, he was certainly a member of the Berlin Academy.
陈述句	He was a geologist— No, no, you're wrong, said someone else.
并列句	He did look at the earth, but not as a geologist.
陈述句	I had a long talk with him once.
陈述句	I suppose you'd call him a paleo-archaeologist.
并列句	They were sitting, five of them, around a table in the room that served as their common room, living and dining room, bar, recreation room, and more or less everything else.
并列句	Two of them were Muscovites, one was a Pole, one a Yoruba, and one a Skraeling.
原因状语从句	Lee Scoresby sensed that the little community was glad to have a visitor, if only because he introduced a change of conversation.
并列句	The Pole had been the last to speak, and then the Yoruba interrupted: What do you mean, a paleo-archaeologist?
疑问句	Archaeologists already study what's old; why do you need to put another word meaning 'old' in front of it?
陈述句	His field of study went back much further than you'd expect, that's all.
陈述句	He was looking for remains of civilizations from twenty, thirty thousand years ago, the Pole replied.
感叹句	Nonsense!
陈述句	said the Director.
感叹句	Utter nonsense!
陈述句	The man was pulling your leg.
疑问句	Civilizations thirty thousand years old?
感叹句	Ha!
疑问句	Where is the evidence?
陈述句	Under the ice, said the Pole.
陈述句	That's the point.
并列句	According to Grumman, the earth's magnetic field changed dramatically at various times in the past, and the earth's axis actually moved, too, so that temperate areas became ice-bound.
疑问句	How?
陈述句	said one of the Muscovites.
陈述句	Oh, he had some complex theory.
陈述句	The point was, any evidence there might have been for very early civilizations was long since buried under the ice.
陈述句	He claimed to have some pho-tograms of file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (59 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. unusual rock formations.
感叹句	Ha!
疑问句	Is that all?
陈述句	said the Director.
陈述句	I'm only reporting, I'm not defending him, said the Pole.
疑问句	How long had you known Grumman, gentlemen?
陈述句	Lee Scoresby asked.
陈述句	Well, let me see, said the Director.
陈述句	It was seven years ago I met him for the first time.
并列句	He made a name for himself a year or two before that, with his paper on the variations in the magnetic pole, said the Yoruba.
并列句	But he came out of nowhere.
并列句	I mean, no one had known him as a student or seen any of his previous work....
并列句	They talked on for a while, contributing reminiscences and offering suggestions as to what might have become of Grumman, though most of them thought he was probably dead.
陈述句	While the Pole went to brew some more coffee, Lee's hare daemon, Hester, said to him quietly: Check out the Skraeling, Lee.
陈述句	The Skraeling had spoken very little.
并列句	Lee had thought he was naturally taciturn, but prompted by Hester, he casually glanced across during the next break in the conversation to see the man's daemon, a snowy owl, glaring at him with bright orange eyes.
并列句	Well, that was what owls looked like, and they did stare; but Hester was right, and there was a hostility and suspicion in the daemon that the man's face showed nothing of.
并列句	And then Lee saw something else: the Skraeling was wearing a ring with the Church's symbol engraved on it.
陈述句	Suddenly he realized the reason for the man's silence.
并列句	Every philosophical research establishment, so he'd heard, had to include on its staff a representative of the Magisterium, to act as a censor and suppress the news of any heretical discoveries.
并列句	So, realizing this, and remembering something he'd heard Lyra say, Lee asked: 'Tell me, gentlemen —do you happen to know if Grumman ever looked into the question of Dust?
并列句	And instantly a silence fell in the stuffy little room, and everyone's attention focused on the Skraeling, though no one looked at him directly.
并列句	Lee knew that Hester would remain inscrutable, with her eyes half-closed and her ears flat along her back, and he put on a cheerful innocence as he looked from face to face.
并列句	Finally he settled on the Skraeling, and said, I beg your pardon.
疑问句	Have I asked about something it's forbidden to know?
疑问句	The Skraeling said, Where did you hear mention of this subject, Mr. Scoresby?
陈述句	From a passenger I flew across the sea a while back, Lee said easily.
并列句	They never said what it was, but from the way it was mentioned it seemed like the kind of thing Dr. Grumman might have inquired into.
陈述句	I took it to be some kind of celestial thing, like the aurora.
原因状语从句	But it puzzled me, because as an aeronaut I know the skies pretty well, and I'd never come across this stuff.
疑问句	What is it, anyhow?
陈述句	As you say, a celestial phenomenon, said the Skraeling.
陈述句	It has no practical significance.
并列句	Presently Lee decided it was time to leave; he had learned no more, and he didn't want to keep Umaq waiting.
并列句	He left the astronomers to their fogbound observatory and set off down the track, feeling his way along by following his daemon, whose eyes were closer to the ground.
并列句	And when they were only ten minutes down the path, something swept past his head in the fog and dived at Hester.
陈述句	It was the Skraeling's owl daemon.
并列句	But Hester sensed her coming and flattened herself in time, and the owl's claws just missed.
并列句	Hester could fight; her claws were sharp, too, and she was tough and brave.
并列句	Lee knew that the Skraeling himself must be close by, and reached for the revolver at his belt.
并列句	Behind you, Lee, Hester said, and he whipped around, diving, as an arrow hissed over his shoulder.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (60 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
陈述句	He fired at once.
陈述句	The Skraeling fell, grunting, as the bullet thudded into his leg.
并列句	A moment later the owl daemon swooped with a clumsy fainting movement to his side, and half lay on the snow, struggling to fold her wings.
并列句	Lee Scoresby cocked his pistol and held it to the man's head.
陈述句	Right, you damn fool, he said.
疑问句	What did you try that for?
疑问句	Can't you see we're all in the same trouble now this thing's happened to the sky?
陈述句	It's too late, said the Skraeling.
疑问句	Too late for what?
陈述句	'Too late to stop.
陈述句	I have already sent a messenger bird.
并列句	The Magisterium will know of your inquiries, and they will be glad to know about Grumman— What about him?
陈述句	The fact that others are looking for him.
陈述句	It confirms what we thought.
并列句	And that others know of Dust.
陈述句	You are an enemy of the Church, Lee Scoresby.
陈述句	By their fruits shall ye know them.
陈述句	By their questions shall ye see the serpent gnawing at their heart....
并列句	The owl was making soft hooting sounds and raising and dropping her wings fitfully.
陈述句	Her bright orange eyes were filming over with pain.
陈述句	There was a gathering red stain in the snow around the Skraeling; even in the fog-thick dimness, Lee could see that the man was going to die.
陈述句	Reckon my bullet must have hit an artery, he said.
并列句	Let go my sleeve and I'll make a tourniquet.
感叹句	No!
陈述句	said the Skraeling harshly.
感叹句	I am glad to die!
感叹句	I shall have the martyr's palm!
感叹句	You will not deprive me of that!
条件状语从句	Then die if you want to.
原因状语从句	Just tell me this— But he never had the chance to complete his question, because with a bleak little shiver the owl daemon disappeared.
陈述句	The Skraeling's soul was gone.
陈述句	Lee had once seen a painting in which a saint of the Church was shown being attacked by assassins.
并列句	While they bludgeoned his dying body, the saint's daemon was borne upward by cherubs and offered a spray of palm, the badge of a martyr.
陈述句	The Skraeling's face now bore the same expression as the saint's in the picture: an ecstatic straining toward oblivion.
陈述句	Lee dropped him in distaste.
陈述句	Hester clicked her tongue.
陈述句	Shoulda reckoned he'd send a message, she said.
陈述句	'Take his ring.
疑问句	What the hell for?
疑问句	We ain't thieves, are we?
陈述句	No, we're renegades, she said.
并列句	Not by our choice, but by his malice.
陈述句	Once the Church learns about this, we're done for anyway.
陈述句	Take every advantage we can in the meantime.
并列句	Go on, take the ring and stow it away, and mebbe we can use it.
并列句	Lee saw the sense, and took the ring off the dead man's finger.
并列句	Peering into the gloom, he saw that the path was edged by a steep drop into rocky darkness, and he rolled the Skraeling's body over.
陈述句	It fell for a long time before he heard any impact.
并列句	Lee had never enjoyed violence, and he hated killing, although he'd had to do it three times before.
陈述句	No sense in thinking that, said Hester.
并列句	He didn't give us a choice, and we didn't shoot to kill.
陈述句	Damn it, Lee, he wanted to die.
陈述句	These people are insane.
并列句	I guess you're right, he said, and put the pistol away.
并列句	At the foot of the path they found the driver, with the dogs harnessed and ready to move.
疑问句	Tell me, Umaq, Lee said as they set off back to the fish-packing station, you ever hear of a man called Grumman?
陈述句	Oh, sure, said the driver.
陈述句	Everybody know Dr. Grumman.
疑问句	Did you know he had a Tartar name?
陈述句	Not Tartar.
疑问句	You mean Jopari?
陈述句	Not Tartar.
疑问句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (61 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. What happened to him?
疑问句	Is he dead?
陈述句	You ask me that, I have to say I don't know.
陈述句	So you never know the truth from me.
陈述句	I see.
疑问句	So who can I ask?
陈述句	You better ask his tribe.
陈述句	Better go to Yenisei, ask them.
疑问句	His tribe ... you mean the people who initiated him?
疑问句	Who drilled his skull?
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	You better ask them.
陈述句	Maybe he not dead, maybe he is.
陈述句	Maybe neither dead nor alive.
疑问句	How can he be neither dead nor alive?
陈述句	In spirit world.
陈述句	Maybe he in spirit world.
陈述句	Already I say too much.
陈述句	Say no more now.
并列句	And he did not.
并列句	But when they returned to the station, Lee went at once to the docks and looked for a ship that could give him passage to the mouth of the Yenisei.
陈述句	Meanwhile, the witches were searching too.
并列句	The Latvian queen, Ruta Skadi, flew with Serafina Pekkala's company for many days and nights, through fog and whirlwind, over regions devastated by flood or landslide.
并列句	It was certain that they were in a world none of them had known before, with strange winds, strange scents in the air, great unknown birds that attacked them on sight and had to be driven off with volleys of arrows; and when they found land to rest on, the very plants were strange.
并列句	Still, some of those plants were edible, and they found rabbits that made a tasty meal, and there was no shortage of water.
并列句	It might have been a good land to live in, but for the spectral forms that drifted like mist over the grasslands and congregated near streams and low-lying water.
陈述句	In some lights they were hardly there at all, just visible as a drifting quality in the light, a rhythmic evanescence, like veils of transparency turning before a mirror.
并列句	The witches had never seen anything like them before, and mistrusted them at once.
疑问句	Are they alive, do you think, Serafina Pekkala?
陈述句	said Ruta Skadi as the witches circled high above a group of the things that stood motionless at the edge of a tract of forest.
并列句	Alive or dead, they're full of malice, Serafina replied.
陈述句	I can feel that from here.
并列句	And unless I knew what weapon could harm them, I wouldn't want to go closer than this.
陈述句	The Specters seemed to be earthbound, without the power of flight, luckily for the witches.
陈述句	Later that day, they saw what the Specters could do.
陈述句	It happened at a river crossing, where a dusty road went over a low stone bridge beside a stand of trees.
并列句	The late afternoon sun slanted across the grassland, drawing an intense green out of the ground and a dusty gold out of the air, and in that rich oblique light the witches saw a band of travelers making for the bridge, some on foot, some in horse-drawn carts, two of them riding horses.
并列句	Serafina caught her breath: these people had no daemons, and yet they seemed alive.
并列句	She was about to fly down and look more closely when she heard a cry of alarm.
陈述句	It came from the rider on the leading horse.
并列句	He was pointing at the trees, and as the witches looked down, they saw a stream of those spectral forms pouring across the grass, seeming to flow with no effort toward the people, their prey.
陈述句	The people scattered.
并列句	Serafina was shocked to see the leading rider turn tail at once and gallop away, without staying to help his comrades, and the second rider did the same, escaping as fast as he could in another direction.
并列句	Fly lower and watch, sisters, Serafina told her companions.
并列句	But don't interfere till I command.
陈述句	They saw that the little band contained children as well, some riding in the carts, some walking beside them.
并列句	And it was clear that the children couldn't see the Specters, and the Specters weren't interested in them; they made instead for the adults.
原因状语从句	One old woman seated on a cart file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (62 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. held two little children on her lap, and Ruta Skadi was angered by her cowardice: because she tried to hide behind them, and thrust them out toward the Specter that approached her, as if offering them up to save her own life.
并列句	The children pulled free of the old woman and jumped down from the cart, and now, like the other children around them, ran to and fro in fright, or stood and clung together weeping as the Specters attacked the adults.
并列句	The old woman in the cart was soon enveloped in a transparent shimmer that moved busily, working and feeding in some invisible way that made Ruta Skadi sick to watch.
陈述句	The same fate befell every adult in the party apart from the two who had fled on their horses.
并列句	Fascinated and stunned, Serafina Pekkala flew down even closer.
并列句	There was a father with his child who had tried to ford the river to get away, but a Specter had caught up with them, and as the child clung to the father's back, crying, the man slowed down and stood waist-deep in the water, arrested and helpless.
疑问句	What was happening to him?
陈述句	Serafina hovered above the water a few feet away, gazing horrified.
并列句	She had heard from travelers in her own world of the legend of the vampire, and she thought of that as she watched the Specter busy gorging on—something, some quality the man had, his soul, his daemon, perhaps; for in this world, evidently, daemons were inside, not outside.
并列句	His arms slackened under the child's thighs, and the child fell into the water behind him and grabbed vainly at his hand, gasping, crying, but the man only turned his head slowly and looked down with perfect indifference at his little son drowning beside him.
陈述句	That was too much for Serafina.
并列句	She swooped lower and plucked the child from the water, and as she did so, Ruta Skadi cried out: Be careful, sister!
并列句	Behind you— And Serafina felt just for a moment a hideous dullness at the edge of her heart, and reached out and up for Ruta Skadi's hand, which pulled her away from the danger.
并列句	They flew higher, the child screaming and clinging to her waist with sharp fingers, and Serafina saw the Specter behind her, a drift of mist swirling on the water, casting about for its lost prey.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi shot an arrow into the heart of it, with no effect at all.
并列句	Serafina put the child down on the riverbank, seeing that it was in no danger from the Specters, and they retreated to the air again.
并列句	The little band of travelers had halted for good now; the horses cropped the grass or shook their heads at flies, the children were howling or clutching one another and watching from a distance, and every adult had fallen still.
并列句	Their eyes were open; some were standing, though most had sat down; and a terrible stillness hung over them.
并列句	As the last of the Specters drifted away, sated, Serafina flew down and alighted in front of a woman sitting on the grass, a strong, healthy-looking woman whose cheeks were red and whose fair hair was glossy.
疑问句	Woman?
陈述句	said Serafina.
陈述句	There was no response.
疑问句	Can you hear me?
疑问句	Can you see me?
陈述句	She shook her shoulder.
陈述句	With an immense effort the woman looked up.
陈述句	She scarcely seemed to notice.
并列句	Her eyes were vacant, and when Serafina pinched the skin of her forearm, she merely looked down slowly and then away again.
陈述句	The other witches were moving through the scattered wagons, looking at the victims in dismay.
并列句	The children, meanwhile, were gathering on a little knoll some way off, staring at the witches and whispering together fearfully.
陈述句	The horseman's watching, said a witch.
陈述句	She pointed up to where the road led through a gap in the hills.
并列句	The rider who'd fled had reined in his horse and turned around to look back, shading his eyes to see what was going on.
并列句	We'll speak to him, said Serafina, and sprang into the air.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (63 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
陈述句	However the man had behaved when faced with the Specters, he was no coward.
并列句	As he saw the witches approach, he unslung the rifle from his back and kicked the horse forward onto the grass, where he could wheel and fire and face them in the open; but Serafina Pekkala alighted slowly and held her bow out before laying it on the ground in front of her.
并列句	Whether or not they had that gesture here, its meaning was unmistakable.
并列句	The man lowered the rifle from his shoulder and waited, looking from Serafina to the other witches, and up to their daemons too, who circled in the skies above.
并列句	Women, young and ferocious, dressed in scraps of black silk and riding pine branches through the sky—there was nothing like that in his world, but he faced them with calm wariness.
并列句	Serafina, coming closer, saw sorrow in his face as well, and strength.
并列句	It was hard to reconcile with the memory of his turning tail and running while his companions perished.
疑问句	Who are you?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	My name is Serafina Pekkala.
陈述句	I am the queen of the witches of Lake Enara, which is in another world.
疑问句	What is your name?
陈述句	Joachim Lorenz.
疑问句	Witches, you say?
疑问句	Do you treat with the devil, then?
条件状语从句	If we did, would that make us your enemy?
并列句	He thought for a few moments, and settled his rifle across his thighs.
并列句	It might have done, once, he said, but times have changed.
疑问句	Why have you come to this world?
原因状语从句	Because the times have changed.
疑问句	What are those creatures who attacked your party?
陈述句	Well, the Specters... he said, shrugging, half-astonished.
疑问句	Don't you know the Specters?
陈述句	We've never seen them in our world.
并列句	We saw you making your escape, and we didn't know what to think.
陈述句	Now I understand.
陈述句	There's no defense against them, said Joachim Lorenz.
陈述句	Only the children are untouched.
并列句	Every party of travelers has to include a man and a woman on horseback, by law, and they have to do what we did, or else the children will have no one to look after them.
并列句	But times are bad now; the cities are thronged with Specters, and there used to be no more than a dozen or so in each place.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi was looking around.
并列句	She noticed the other rider moving back toward the wagons, and saw that it was, indeed, a woman.
陈述句	The children were running to meet her.
并列句	But tell me what you're looking for, Joachim Lorenz went on.
陈述句	You didn't answer me before.
陈述句	You wouldn't have come here for nothing.
陈述句	Answer me now.
陈述句	We're looking for a child, said Serafina, a young girl from our world.
陈述句	Her name is Lyra Belacqua, called Lyra Silver-tongue.
并列句	But where she might be, in a whole world, we can't guess.
疑问句	You haven't seen a strange child, on her own?
陈述句	No.
并列句	But we saw angels the other night, making for the Pole.
疑问句	Angels?
并列句	Troops of them in the air, armed and shining.
并列句	They haven't been so common in the last years, though in my grandfather's time they passed through this world often, or so he used to say.
并列句	He shaded his eyes and gazed down toward the scattered wagons, the halted travelers.
并列句	The other rider had dismounted now and was comforting some of the children.
并列句	Serafina followed his gaze and said, If we camp with you tonight and keep guard against the Specters, will you tell us more about this world, and these angels you saw?
陈述句	Certainly I will.
陈述句	Come with me.
并列句	The witches helped to move the wagons farther along the road, over the bridge and away from the trees where the Specters had come from.
并列句	The stricken adults had to stay where they were, though it was painful to see the little children clinging to a mother who no longer responded to file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (64 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. them, or tugging the sleeve of a father who said nothing and gazed into nothing and had nothing in his eyes.
陈述句	The younger children couldn't understand why they had to leave their parents.
并列句	The older ones, some of whom had already lost parents of their own and who had seen it before, simply looked bleak and stayed dumb.
并列句	Serafina picked up the little boy who'd fallen in the river, and who was crying out for his daddy, reaching back over Serafina's shoulder to the silent figure still standing in the water, indifferent.
陈述句	Serafina felt his tears on her bare skin.
并列句	The horsewoman, who wore rough canvas breeches and rode like a man, said nothing to the witches.
陈述句	Her face was grim.
陈述句	She moved the children on, speaking sternly, ignoring their tears.
并列句	The evening sun suffused the air with a golden light in which every detail was clear and nothing was dazzling, and the faces of the children and the man and woman too seemed immortal and strong and beautiful.
并列句	Later, as the embers of a fire glowed in a circle of ashy rocks and the great hills lay calm under the moon, Joachim Lorenz told Serafina and Ruta Skadi about the history of his world.
陈述句	It had once been a happy one, he explained.
并列句	The cities were spacious and elegant, the fields well tilled and fertile.
并列句	Merchant ships plied to and fro on the blue oceans, and fishermen hauled in brimming nets of cod and tunny, bass and mullet; the forests ran with game, and no children went hungry.
并列句	In the courts and squares of the great cities ambassadors from Brasil and Benin, from Eireland and Corea mingled with tabaco sellers, with commedia players from Bergamo, with dealers in fortune bonds.
并列句	At night masked lovers met under the rose-hung colonnades or in the lamplit gardens, and the air stirred with the scent of jasmine and throbbed to the music of the wire-strung mandarone.
并列句	The witches listened wide-eyed to this tale of a world so like theirs and yet so different.
并列句	But it went wrong, he said.
陈述句	Three hundred years ago, it all went wrong.
陈述句	Some people reckon the philosophers' Guild of the Torre degli Angeli, the Tower of the Angels, in the city we have just left, they're the ones to blame.
让步状语从句	Others say it was a judgment on us for some great sin, though I never heard any agreement about what that sin was.
并列句	But suddenly out of nowhere there came the Specters, and we've been haunted ever since.
陈述句	You've seen what they do.
陈述句	Now imagine what it is to live in a world with Specters in it.
疑问句	How can we prosper, when we can't rely on anything continuing as it is?
并列句	At any moment a father might be taken, or a mother, and the family fall apart; a merchant might be taken, and his enterprise fail, and all his clerks and factors lose their employment; and how can lovers trust their vows?
并列句	All the trust and all the virtue fell out of our world when the Specters came.
疑问句	Who are these philosophers?
陈述句	said Serafina.
并列句	And where is this tower you speak of?
陈述句	In the city we left—Cittagazze.
陈述句	The city of magpies.
疑问句	You know why it's called that?
原因状语从句	Because magpies steal, and that's all we can do now.
陈述句	We create nothing, we have built nothing for hundreds of years, all we can do is steal from other worlds.
陈述句	Oh, yes, we know about other worlds.
陈述句	Those philosophers in the Torre degli Angeli discovered all we need to know about that subject.
并列句	They have a spell which, if you say it, lets you walk through a door that isn't there, and find yourself in another world.
并列句	Some say it's not a spell but a key that can open even where there isn't a lock.
疑问句	Who knows?
陈述句	Whatever it is, it let the Specters in.
并列句	And the philosophers use it still, I understand.
并列句	They pass into other worlds and steal from them and bring back what they find.
并列句	Gold and jewels, of course, but other things too, like ideas, or sacks of corn, or pencils.
陈述句	They are the source of all our wealth, he said bitterly, that Guild of thieves.
疑问句	Why don't the Specters harm children?
陈述句	asked Ruta Skadi.
陈述句	That is the greatest mystery of all.
陈述句	In the innocence of children there's some power that repels the Specters of Indifference.
并列句	But it's more than that.
让步状语从句	Children simply don't see them, though we file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (65 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. can't understand why.
陈述句	We never have.
并列句	But Specter-orphans are common, as you can imagine— children whose parents have been taken; they gather in bands and roam the country, and sometimes they hire themselves out to adults to look for food and supplies in a Specter-ridden area, and sometimes they simply drift about and scavenge.
陈述句	So that is our world.
陈述句	Oh, we managed to live with this curse.
让步状语从句	They're true parasites: they won't kill their host, though they drain most of the life out of him.
并列句	But there was a rough balance ... till recently, till the great storm.
感叹句	Such a storm it was!
并列句	It sounded as if the whole world was breaking and cracking apart; there hadn't been a storm like that in memory.
并列句	And then there came a fog that lasted for days and covered every part of the world that I know of, and no one could travel.
并列句	And when the fog cleared, the cities were full of the Specters, hundreds and thousands of them.
并列句	So we fled to the hills and out to sea, but there's no escaping them this time wherever we go.
陈述句	As you saw for yourselves.
陈述句	Now it's your turn.
并列句	You tell me about your world, and why you've left it to come to this one.
陈述句	Serafina told him truthfully as much as she knew.
并列句	He was an honest man, and there was nothing that needed concealing from him.
并列句	He listened closely, shaking his head with wonder, and when she had finished, he said: I told you about the power they say our philosophers have, of opening the way to other worlds.
条件状语从句	Well, some think that occasionally they leave a doorway open, out of forgetfulness; 1 wouldn't be surprised if travelers from other worlds found their way here from time to time.
陈述句	We know that angels pass through, after all.
疑问句	Angels?
陈述句	said Serafina.
陈述句	You mentioned them before.
陈述句	They are new to us.
疑问句	Can you explain them?
疑问句	You want to know about angels?
陈述句	said Joachim Lorenz.
陈述句	Very well.
陈述句	Their name for themselves is bene elim, I'm told.
陈述句	Some call them Watchers, too.
陈述句	They're not beings of flesh like us; they're beings of spirit.
并列句	Or maybe their flesh is more finely drawn than ours, lighter and clearer, I wouldn't know; but they're not like us.
陈述句	They carry messages from heaven, that's their calling.
陈述句	We see them sometimes in the sky, passing through this world on the way to another, shining like fireflies way, way up high.
陈述句	On a still night you can even hear their wingbeats.
并列句	They have concerns different from ours, though in the ancient days they came down and had dealings with men and women, and they bred with us, too, some say.
并列句	And when the fog came, after the great storm, I was beset by Specters in the hills behind the city of Sant'Elia, on my way homeward.
并列句	I took refuge in a shepherd's hut by a spring next to a birch wood, and all night long I heard voices above me in the fog, cries of alarm and anger, and wingbeats too, closer than I'd ever heard them before; and toward dawn there was the sound of a skirmish of arms, the whoosh of arrows, and the clang of swords.
并列句	I daredn't go out and see, though I was powerfully curious, for I was afraid.
条件状语从句	I was stark terrified, if you want to know.
并列句	When the sky was as light as it ever got during that fog, I ventured to look out, and I saw a great figure lying wounded by the spring.
条件状语从句	I felt as if I was seeing things I had no right to see—sacred things.
并列句	I had to look away, and when I looked again, the figure was gone.
陈述句	That's the closest I ever came to an angel.
并列句	But as I told you, we saw them the other night, way high aloft among the stars, making for the Pole, like a fleet of mighty ships under sail.... Something is happening, and we don't know down here what it may be.
陈述句	There could be a war breaking out.
并列句	There was a war in heaven once, oh, thousands of years ago, immense ages back, but I don't know what the outcome was.
条件状语从句	It wouldn't be impossible if there was another.
并列句	But the devastation would be enormous, and the consequences for us ...
陈述句	I can't imagine it.
让步状语从句	Though, he went on, sitting up to stir the fire, the end of it might be better than I fear.
并列句	It might be that a war in heaven would sweep the Specters from this world altogether, and back into the pit they come from.
感叹句	What a blessing that would be, eh!
并列句	How fresh and happy we could live, free file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (66 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. of that fearful blight!
并列句	Though Joachim Lorenz looked anything but hopeful as he stared into the flames.
并列句	The flickering light played over his face, but there was no play of expression in his strong features; he looked grim and sad.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi said, The Pole, sir.
陈述句	You said these angels were making for the Pole.
疑问句	Why would they do that, do you know?
疑问句	Is that where heaven lies?
陈述句	I couldn't say.
陈述句	I'm not a learned man, you can see that plain enough.
并列句	But the north of our world, well, that's the abode of spirits, they say.
并列句	If angels were mustering, that's where they'd go, and if they were going to make an assault on heaven, I daresay that's where they'd build their fortress and sally out from.
并列句	He looked up, and the witches followed his eyes.
并列句	The stars in this world were the same as theirs: the Milky Way blazed bright across the dome of the sky, and innumerable points of starlight dusted the dark, almost matching the moon for brightness.... Sir, said Serafina, did you ever hear of Dust?
疑问句	Dust?
陈述句	I guess you mean it in some other sense than the dust on the roads.
陈述句	No, I never did.
并列句	But look!
陈述句	There's a troop of angels now....
陈述句	He pointed to the constellation of Ophiuchus.
并列句	And sure enough, something was moving through it, a tiny cluster of lighted beings.
并列句	And they didn't drift; they moved with the purposeful flight of geese or swans.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi stood up.
陈述句	Sister, it's time I parted from you, she said to Serafina.
陈述句	I'm going up to speak to these angels, whatever they may be.
条件状语从句	If they're going to Lord Asriel, I'll go with them.
条件状语从句	If not, I'll search on by myself.
并列句	Thank you for your company, and go well.
并列句	They kissed, and Ruta Skadi took her cloud-pine branch and sprang into the air.
陈述句	Her daemon, Sergi, a bluethroat, sped out of the dark alongside her.
疑问句	We're going high?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	As high as those lighted fliers in Ophiuchus.
陈述句	They're going swiftly, Sergi.
感叹句	Let's catch them!
并列句	And she and her dsmon raced upward, flying quicker than sparks from a fire, the air rushing through the twigs on her branch and making her black hair stream out behind.
并列句	She didn't look back at the little fire in the wide darkness, at the sleeping children and her witch companions.
并列句	That part of her journey was over, and, besides, those glowing creatures ahead of her were no larger yet, and unless she kept her eye on them they were easily lost against the great expanse of starlight.
并列句	So she flew on, never losing sight of the angels, and gradually as she came closer they took on a clearer shape.
并列句	They shone not as if they were burning but as if, wherever they were and however dark the night, sunlight was shining on them.
并列句	They were like humans, but winged, and much taller; and, as they were naked, the witch could see that three of them were male, two female.
并列句	Their wings sprang from their shoulder blades, and their backs and chests were deeply muscled.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi stayed behind them for some way, watching, measuring their strength in case she should need to fight them.
并列句	They weren't armed, but on the other hand they were flying easily within their power, and might even outstrip her if it came to a chase.
并列句	Making her bow ready, just in case, she sped forward and flew alongside them, calling: Angels!
并列句	Halt and listen to me!
并列句	I am the witch Ruta Skadi, and I want to talk to you!
陈述句	They turned.
并列句	Their great wings beat inward, slowing them, and their bodies swung downward till they were standing upright in the air, holding their position by the beating of their wings.
陈述句	They file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (67 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. surrounded her, five huge forms glowing in the dark air, lit by an invisible sun.
并列句	She looked around, sitting on her pine branch proud and unafraid, though her heart was beating with the strangeness of it, and her daemon fluttered to sit close to the warmth of her body.
并列句	Each angel-being was distinctly an individual, and yet they had more in common with one another than with any human she had seen.
并列句	What they shared was a shimmering, darting play of intelligence and feeling that seemed to sweep over them all simultaneously.
并列句	They were naked, but she felt naked in front of their glance, it was so piercing and went so deep.
并列句	Still, she was unashamed of what she was, and she returned their gaze with head held high.
并列句	So you are angels, she said, or Watchers, or bene elim.
疑问句	Where are you going?
陈述句	We are following a call, said one.
陈述句	She was not sure which one had spoken.
并列句	It might have been any or all of them at once.
疑问句	Whose call?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	A man's.
疑问句	Lord Asriel's?
陈述句	It may be.
疑问句	Why are you following his call?
原因状语从句	Because we are willing to, came the reply.
陈述句	Then wherever he is, you can guide me to him as well, she ordered them.
并列句	Ruta Skadi was four hundred and sixteen years old, with all the pride and knowledge of an adult witch queen.
并列句	She was wiser by far than any short-lived human, but she had not the slightest idea of how like a child she seemed beside these ancient beings.
原因状语从句	Nor did she know how far their awareness spread out beyond her like filamentary tentacles to the remotest corners of universes she had never dreamed of; nor that she saw them as human-formed only because her eyes expected to.
并列句	If she were to perceive their true form, they would seem more like architecture than organism, like huge structures composed of intelligence and feeling.
并列句	But they expected nothing else: she was very young.
并列句	At once they beat their wings and surged forward, and she darted with them, surfing on the turbulence their pinions caused in the air and relishing the speed and power it added to her flight.
陈述句	They flew throughout the night.
并列句	The stars wheeled around them, and faded and vanished as the dawn seeped up from the east.
并列句	The world burst into brilliance as the sun's rim appeared, and then they were flying through blue sky and clear air, fresh and sweet and moist.
让步状语从句	In the daylight the angels were less visible, though to any eye their strangeness was clear.
并列句	The light Ruta Skadi saw them by was still not that of the sun now climbing the sky, but some other light from somewhere else.
并列句	Tirelessly they flew on and on, and tirelessly she kept pace.
陈述句	She felt a fierce joy possessing her, that she could command these immortal presences.
并列句	And she rejoiced in her blood and flesh, in the rough pine bark she felt next to her skin, in the beat of her heart and the life of all her senses, and in the hunger she was feeling now, and in the presence of her sweet-voiced bluethroat daemon, and in the earth below her and the lives of every creature, plant and animal both; and she delighted in being of the same substance as them, and in knowing that when she died her flesh would nourish other lives as they had nourished her.
并列句	And she rejoiced, too, that she was going to see Lord Asriel again.
并列句	Another night came, and still the angels flew on.
并列句	And at some point the quality of the air changed, not for the worse or the better, but changed nonetheless, and Ruta Skadi knew that they'd passed out of that world and into another.
陈述句	How it had happened she couldn't guess.
感叹句	Angels!
陈述句	she called as she sensed the change.
疑问句	How have we left the world I found you in?
疑问句	Where file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (68 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. was the boundary?
陈述句	There are invisible places in the air, came the answer.
陈述句	Gateways into other worlds.
并列句	We can see them, but you cannot.
并列句	Ruta Skadi couldn't see the invisible gateway, but she didn't need to: witches could navigate better than birds.
并列句	As soon as the angel spoke, she fixed her attention on three jagged peaks below her and memorized their configuration exactly.
条件状语从句	Now she could find it again, if she needed to, despite what the angels might think.
并列句	They flew on farther, and presently she heard an angel voice: Lord Asriel is in this world, and there is the fortress he's building....
并列句	They had slowed, and were circling like eagles in the middle airs.
陈述句	Ruta Skadi looked where one angel was pointing.
让步状语从句	The first faint glimmer of light was tinting the east, though all the stars above shone as brilliantly as ever against the profound velvet black of the high heavens.
并列句	And on the very rim of the world, where the light was increasing moment by moment, a great mountain range reared its peaks—jagged spears of black rock, mighty broken slabs, and sawtooth ridges piled in confusion like the wreckage of a universal catastrophe.
并列句	But on the highest point, which as she looked was touched by the first rays of the morning sun and outlined in brilliance, stood a regular structure: a huge fortress whose battlements were formed of single slabs of basalt half a hill in height, and whose extent was to be measured in flying time.
并列句	Beneath this colossal fortress, fires glared and furnaces smoked in the darkness of early dawn, and from many miles away Ruta Skadi heard the clang of hammers and the pounding of great mills.
并列句	And from every direction, she could see more flights of angels winging toward it, and not only angels, but machines too: steel-winged craft gliding like albatrosses, glass cabins under flickering dragonfly wings, droning zeppelins like huge bumblebees—all making for the fortress mat Lord Asriel was building on the mountains at the edge of the world.
并列句	And is Lord Asriel there?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Yes, he is there, the angels replied.
陈述句	Then let's fly there to meet him.
并列句	And you must be my guard of honor.
并列句	Obediently they spread their wings and set their course toward the gold-rimmed fortress, with the eager witch flying before them.
并列句	SEVEN THE ROLLS-ROYCE Lyra woke early to find the morning quiet and warm, as if the city never had any other weather than this calm summer.
并列句	She slipped out of bed and downstairs, and hearing some children's voices out on the water, went to see what they were doing.
并列句	Three boys and a girl were splashing across the sunlit harbor in a couple of pedal boats, racing toward the steps.
并列句	As they saw Lyra, they slowed for a moment, but then the race took hold of them again.
并列句	The winners crashed into the steps so hard that one of them fell into the water, and then he tried to climb into the other craft and tipped that over, too, and then they all splashed about together as if the fear of the night before had never happened.
并列句	They were younger than file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (69 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. most of the children by the tower, Lyra thought, and she joined them in the water, with Pantalaimon as a little silver fish glittering beside her.
并列句	She never found it hard to talk to other children, and soon they were gathered around her, sitting in pools of water on the warm stone, their shirts drying quickly in the sun.
陈述句	Poor Pantalaimon had to creep into her pocket again, frog-shaped in the cool damp cotton.
疑问句	What you going to do with that cat?
疑问句	Can you really take the bad luck away?
疑问句	Where you come from?
疑问句	Your friend, he ain' afraid of Specters?
陈述句	Will en't afraid of anything, Lyra said.
陈述句	Nor'm I.
疑问句	What you scared of cats for?
疑问句	You don't know about cats?
陈述句	the oldest boy said incredulously.
陈述句	Cats, they got the devil in them, all right.
陈述句	You got to kill every cat you see.
并列句	They bite you and put the devil in you too.
并列句	And what was you doing with that big pard?
并列句	She realized he meant Pantalaimon in his leopard shape, and shook her head innocently.
陈述句	You must have been dreaming, she said.
陈述句	There's all kinds of things look different in the moonlight.
并列句	But me and Will, we don't have Specters where we come from, so we don't know much about 'em.
条件状语从句	If you can't see 'em, you're safe, said a boy.
陈述句	You see 'em, you know they can get you.
陈述句	That's what my pa said, then they got him.
并列句	And they're here, all around us now?
陈述句	Yeah, said the girl.
并列句	She reached out a hand and grabbed a fistful of air, crowing, I got one now!
陈述句	They can't hurt you, one of the boys said.
陈述句	So we can't hurt them, all right.
并列句	And there's always been Specters in this world?
陈述句	said Lyra.
并列句	Yeah, said one boy, but another said, No, they came a long time ago.
陈述句	Hundreds of years.
原因状语从句	They came because of the Guild, said the third.
疑问句	The what?
陈述句	said Lyra.
感叹句	They never!
陈述句	said the girl.
原因状语从句	My granny said they came because people were bad, and God sent them to punish us.
陈述句	Your granny don' know nothing, said a boy.
陈述句	She got a beard, your granny.
陈述句	She's a goat, all right.
疑问句	What's the Guild?
陈述句	Lyra persisted.
陈述句	You know the Torre degU Angeli, said a boy.
陈述句	The stone tower, right.
并列句	Well it belongs to the Guild, and there's a secret place in there.
陈述句	The Guild, they're men who know all kind of things.
陈述句	Philosophy, alchemy, all kind of things they know.
并列句	And they were the ones who let the Specters in.
陈述句	That ain' true, said another boy.
陈述句	'They came from the stars.
感叹句	It is!
陈述句	This is what happened, all right: this Guild man hundreds of years ago was taking some metal apart.
陈述句	Lead.
陈述句	He was going to make it into gold.
并列句	And he cut it and cut it smaller and smaller till he came to the smallest piece he could get There ain' nothing smaller than that.
陈述句	So small you couldn' see it, even.
并列句	But he cut that, too, and inside the smallest little bit there was all the Specters packed in, twisted over and folded up so tight they took up no space at all.
并列句	But once he cut it, bam!
并列句	They whooshed out, and they been here ever since.
陈述句	That's what my papa said.
疑问句	Is there any Guild men in the tower now?
陈述句	said Lyra.
感叹句	No!
陈述句	They run away like everyone else, said the girl.
陈述句	There ain' no one in the tower.
陈述句	That's haunted, that place, said a boy.
陈述句	That's why the cat came from there.
陈述句	We ain' gonna go in there, all right.
陈述句	Ain' no kids gonna go in there.
陈述句	That's scary.
陈述句	The Guild men ain' afraid to go in there, said another.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (70 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
并列句	They got special magic, or something.
陈述句	They're greedy, they live off the poor people, said the girl.
并列句	The poor people do all the work, and the Guild men just live there for nothing.
并列句	But there en't anyone in the tower now?
陈述句	Lyra said.
疑问句	No grownups?
感叹句	No grownups in the city at all!
陈述句	They wouldn' dare, all right.
并列句	But she had seen a young man up there.
陈述句	She was convinced of it.
并列句	And there was something in the way these children spoke; as a practiced liar, she knew liars when she met them, and they were lying about something.
并列句	And suddenly she remembered: little Paolo had mentioned that he and Angelica had an elder brother, Tullio, who was in the city too, and Angelica had hushed him.... Could the young man she'd seen have been their brother?
并列句	She left them to rescue their boats and pedal back to the beach, and went inside to make some coffee and see if Will was awake.
并列句	But he was still asleep, with the cat curled up at his feet, and Lyra was impatient to see her Scholar again.
并列句	So she wrote a note and left it on the floor by his bedside, and took her rucksack and went off to look for the window.
陈述句	The way she took led her through the little square they'd come to the night before.
并列句	But it was empty now, and the sunlight dusted the front of the ancient tower and showed up the blurred carvings beside the doorway: humanlike figures with folded wings, their features eroded by centuries of weather, but somehow in their stillness expressing power and compassion and intellectual force.
陈述句	Angels, said Pantalaimon, now a cricket on Lyra's shoulder.
陈述句	Maybe Specters, Lyra said.
感叹句	No!
陈述句	They said this was something angeli he insisted.
陈述句	Bet that's angels.
疑问句	Shall we go in?
陈述句	They looked up at the great oak door on its ornate black hinges.
并列句	The half-dozen steps up to it were deeply worn, and the door itself stood slightly open.
陈述句	There was nothing to stop Lyra from going in except her own fear.
并列句	She tiptoed to the top of the steps and looked through the opening.
并列句	A dark stone-flagged hall was all she could see, and not much of that; but Pantalaimon was fluttering anxiously on her shoulder, just as he had when they'd played the trick on the skulls in the crypt at Jordan College, and she was a little wiser now.
陈述句	This was a bad place.
并列句	She ran down the steps and out of the square, making for the bright sunlight of the palm tree boulevard.
并列句	And as soon as she was sure there was no one looking, she went straight across to the window and through into Will's Oxford.
并列句	Forty minutes later she was inside the physics building once more, arguing with the porter; but this time she had a trump card You just ask Dr. Malone, she said sweetly.
陈述句	That's all you got to do, ask her.
陈述句	She'll tell you.
并列句	The porter turned to his telephone, and Lyra watched pityingly as he pressed the buttons and spoke into it.
条件状语从句	They didn't even give him a proper lodge to sit in, like a real Oxford college, just a big wooden counter, as if it was a shop.
陈述句	All right, said the porter, turning back.
陈述句	She says go on up.
陈述句	Mind you don't go anywhere else.
陈述句	No, I won't, she said demurely, a good little girl doing what she was told.
原因状语从句	At the top of the stairs, though, she had a surprise, because just as she passed a door with a symbol indicating woman on it, it opened and there was Dr. Malone silently beckoning her in.
陈述句	She entered, puzzled.
并列句	This wasn't the laboratory, it was a washroom, and Dr. Malone was agitated.
并列句	She said, Lyra, there's someone else in the lab—police officers or something.
并列句	They know you came file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (71 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. to see me yesterday—I don't know what they're after, but I don't like it What's going on?
疑问句	How do they know I came to see you?
感叹句	I don't know!
并列句	They didn't know your name, but I knew who they meant— Oh.
陈述句	Well, I can lie to them.
陈述句	That's easy.
并列句	But what is going on?” A woman's voice spoke from the corridor outside: Dr. Malone?
疑问句	Have you seen the child?
陈述句	Yes, Dr. Malone called.
陈述句	I was just showing her where the washroom is...
并列句	There was no need for her to be so anxious, thought Lyra, but perhaps she wasn't used to danger.
并列句	The woman in the corridor was young and dressed very smartly, and she tried to smile when Lyra came out, but her eyes remained hard and suspicious.
陈述句	Hello, she said.
疑问句	You're Lyra, are you?
陈述句	Yeah.
疑问句	What's your name?
陈述句	I'm Sergeant Clifford.
陈述句	Come along in.
并列句	Lyra thought this young woman had a nerve, acting as if it were her own laboratory, but she nodded meekly.
陈述句	That was the moment when she first felt a twinge of regret.
并列句	She knew she shouldn't be here; she knew what the alethiometer wanted her to do, and it was not this.
陈述句	She stood doubtfully in the doorway.
陈述句	In the room already there was a tall powerful man with white eyebrows.
并列句	Lyra knew what Scholars looked like, and neither of these two was a Scholar.
陈述句	Come in, Lyra, said Sergeant Clifford again.
陈述句	It's all right.
陈述句	This is Inspector Walters.
陈述句	Hello, Lyra, said the man.
陈述句	I've been hearing all about you from Dr. Malone here.
条件状语从句	I'd like to ask you a few questions, if that's all right.
疑问句	What sort of questions?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	Nothing difficult, he said, smiling.
并列句	Come and sit down, Lyra.
陈述句	He pushed a chair toward her.
并列句	Lyra sat down carefully, and heard the door close itself.
陈述句	Dr. Malone was standing nearby.
并列句	Pantalaimon, cricket-formed in Lyra's breast pocket, was agitated; she could feel him against her breast, and hoped the tremor didn't show.
陈述句	She thought to him to keep still.
疑问句	Where d'you come from, Lyra?
陈述句	said Inspector Walters.
条件状语从句	If she said Oxford, they'd easily be able to check.
并列句	But she couldn't say another world, either.
陈述句	These people were dangerous; they'd want to know more at once.
陈述句	She thought of the only other name she knew of in this world: the place Will had come from.
陈述句	Winchester, she said.
疑问句	You've been in the wars, haven't you, Lyra?
陈述句	said the inspector.
疑问句	How did you get those bruises?
并列句	There's a bruise on your cheek, and another on your leg—has someone been knocking you about?
陈述句	No, said Lyra.
疑问句	Do you go to school, Lyra?
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	Sometimes, she added.
疑问句	Shouldn't you be at school today?
陈述句	She said nothing.
并列句	She was feeling more and more uneasy.
并列句	She looked at Dr. Malone, whose face was tight and unhappy.
陈述句	I just came here to see Dr. Malone, Lyra said.
疑问句	Are you staying in Oxford, Lyra?
疑问句	Where are you staying?
陈述句	With some people, she said.
陈述句	Just friends.
疑问句	What's their address?
陈述句	I don't know exactly what it's called.
并列句	I can find it easy, but I can't remember the name of the street.
疑问句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (72 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Who are these people?
陈述句	Just friends of my father, she said.
陈述句	Oh, I see.
疑问句	How did you find Dr. Malone?
并列句	'Cause my father's a physicist, and he knows her.
陈述句	It was going more easily now, she thought.
并列句	She began to relax into it and lie more fluently.
并列句	And she showed you what she was working on, did she?
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	The engine with the screen ...
陈述句	Yes, all that.
疑问句	You're interested in that sort of thing, are you?
并列句	Science, and so on?
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	Physics, especially.
疑问句	You going to be a scientist when you grow up?
陈述句	That sort of question deserved a blank stare, which it got.
陈述句	He wasn't disconcerted.
并列句	His pale eyes looked briefly at the young woman, and then back to Lyra.
并列句	And were you surprised at what Dr. Malone showed you?
原因状语从句	Well, sort of, but I knew what to expect Because of your father?
陈述句	Yeah.
陈述句	'Cause he's doing the same kind of work.
陈述句	Yes, quite.
疑问句	Do you understand it?
疑问句	Some of it Your father's looking into dark matter, then?
陈述句	Yes.
疑问句	Has he got as far as Dr. Malone?
陈述句	Not in the same way.
并列句	He can do some things better, but that engine with the words on the screen —he hasn't got one of those.
疑问句	Is Will staying with your friends as well?
并列句	Yes, he— And she stopped.
陈述句	She knew at once she'd made a horrible mistake.
并列句	So did they, and they were on their feet in a moment to stop her from running out but somehow Dr. Malone was in the way, and the sergeant tripped and fell, blocking the way of the inspector.
并列句	It gave Lyra time to dart out, slam the door shut behind her, and run full tilt for the stairs.
并列句	Two men in white coats came out of a door, and she bumped into them.
并列句	Suddenly Pantalaimon was a crow, shrieking and flapping, and he startled them so much they fell back and she pulled free of their hands and raced down the last flight of stairs into the lobby just as the porter put the phone down and lumbered along behind his counter calling out Oy!
感叹句	Stop there!
感叹句	You!
并列句	But the flap he had to lift was at the other end, and she got to the revolving door before he could come out and catch her.
并列句	And behind her, the lift doors were opening, and the pale-haired man was running out so fast, so strong— And the door wouldn't turn!
感叹句	Pantalaimon shrieked at her: they were pushing the wrong side!
并列句	She cried out in fear and turned herself around, hurling her little weight against the heavy glass, willing it to turn, and got it to move just in time to avoid the grasp of the porter, who then got in the way of the pale-haired man, so Lyra could dash out and away before they got through.
并列句	Across the road, ignoring the cars, the brakes, the squeal of tires; into this gap between tall buildings, and then another road, with cars from both directions.
并列句	But she was quick, dodging bicycles, always with the pale-haired man just behind her—oh, he was frightening!
并列句	Into a garden, over a fence, through some bushes— Pantalaimon skimming overhead, a swift, calling to her which way to go; crouching down behind a coal bunker as the pale man's footsteps file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (73 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. came racing past, and she couldn't hear him panting, he was so fast, and so fit; and Pantalaimon said, Back now!
并列句	Go back to the road— So she crept out of her hiding place and ran back across the grass, out through the garden gate, into the open spaces of the Banbury Road again; and once again she dodged across, and once again tires squealed on the road; and then she was running up Norham Gardens, a quiet tree-lined road of tall Victorian houses near the park.
陈述句	She stopped to gain her breath.
并列句	There was a tall hedge in front of one of the gardens, with a low wall at its foot, and she sat there tucked closely in under the privet.
感叹句	She helped us!
陈述句	Pantalaimon said.
陈述句	Dr. Malone got in their way.
陈述句	She's on our side, not theirs.
陈述句	Oh, Pan, she said, I shouldn't have said that about Will.
陈述句	I should've been more careful— Shouldn't have come, he said severely.
陈述句	I know.
陈述句	That too ...
原因状语从句	But she hadn't got time to berate herself, because Pantalaimon fluttered to her shoulder, and then said, Look out—behind— and immediately changed to a cricket again and dived into her pocket.
并列句	She stood, ready to run, and saw a large, dark blue car gliding silently to the pavement beside her.
并列句	She was braced to dart in either direction, but the car's rear window rolled down, and there looking out was a face she recognized.
陈述句	Lizzie, said the old man from the museum.
陈述句	How nice to see you again.
疑问句	Can I give you a lift anywhere?
并列句	And he opened the door and moved up to make room beside him.
并列句	Pantalaimon nipped her breast through the thin cotton, but she got in at once, clutching the rucksack, and the man leaned across her and pulled the door shut.
条件状语从句	You look as if you're in a hurry, he said.
疑问句	Where d'you want to go?
陈述句	Up Summertown, she said, please.
陈述句	The driver was wearing a peaked cap.
并列句	Everything about the car was smooth and soft and powerful, and the smell of the old man's cologne was strong in the enclosed space.
并列句	The car pulled out from the pavement and moved away with no noise at all.
疑问句	So what have you been up to, Lizzie?
陈述句	the old man said.
疑问句	Did you find out more about those skulls?
陈述句	Yeah, she said, twisting to see out of the rear window.
陈述句	There was no sign of the pale-haired man.
感叹句	She'd gotten away!
并列句	And he'd never find her now that she was safe in a powerful car with a rich man like this.
陈述句	She felt a little hiccup of triumph.
陈述句	I made some inquiries too, he said.
陈述句	An anthropologist friend of mine tells me that they've got several others in the collection, as well as the ones on display.
陈述句	Some of them are very old indeed.
陈述句	Neanderthal, you know.
陈述句	Yeah, that's what I heard too, Lyra said, with no idea what he was talking about.
并列句	And how's your friend?
疑问句	What friend?
陈述句	said Lyra, alarmed.
疑问句	Had she told him about Will too?
陈述句	The friend you're staying with.
陈述句	Oh.
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	She's very well, thank you.
疑问句	What does she do?
疑问句	Is she an archaeologist?
陈述句	Oh ... she's a physicist.
陈述句	She studies dark matter, said Lyra, still not quite in control.
陈述句	In this world it was harder to tell lies than she'd thought.
并列句	And something else was nagging at her.
并列句	this old man was familiar in some long-lost way, and she just couldn't place it.
疑问句	Dark matter?
陈述句	he was saying.
感叹句	How fascinating!
陈述句	I saw something about that in The Times this morning.
并列句	The universe is full of this mysterious stuff, and nobody knows what it is!
并列句	And your friend file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (74 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. is on the track of it, is she?
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	She knows a lot about it.
并列句	And what are you going to do later on, Lizzie?
疑问句	Are you going in for physics too?
陈述句	, I might, said Lyra.
陈述句	It depends.
并列句	The chauffeur coughed gently and slowed the car down.
陈述句	Well, here we are in Summertown, said the old man.
疑问句	Where would you like to be dropped?
陈述句	Oh, just up past these shops.
陈述句	I can walk from there, said Lyra.
陈述句	Thank you.
并列句	'Turn left into South Parade, and pull up on the right, could you, Allan, said the old man.
陈述句	Very good, sir, said the chauffeur.
陈述句	A minute later the car came to a silent halt outside a public library.
陈述句	The old man held open the door on his side, so that Lyra had to climb past his knees to get out.
并列句	There was a lot of space, but somehow it was awkward, and she didn't want to touch him, nice as he was.
陈述句	Don't forget your rucksack, he said, handing it to her.
陈述句	Thank you, she said.
陈述句	I'll see you again, I hope, Lizzie, he said.
陈述句	Give my regards to your friend.
并列句	Good-bye, she said, and lingered on the pavement till the car had turned the corner and gone out of sight before she set off toward the hornbeam trees.
并列句	She had a feeling about that pale-haired man, and she wanted to ask the alethiometer.
陈述句	Will was reading his father's letters again.
并列句	He sat on the terrace hearing the distant shouts of children diving off the harbor mouth, and read the clear handwriting on the flimsy airmail sheets, trying to picture the man who'd penned it, and looking again and again at the reference to the baby, to himself.
陈述句	He heard Lyra's running footsteps from some way off.
并列句	He put the letters in his pocket and stood up, and almost at once Lyra was there, wild-eyed, with Pantalaimon a snarling savage wildcat, too distraught to hide.
并列句	She who seldom cried was sobbing with rage; her chest was heaving, her teeth were grinding, and she flung herself at him, clutching his arms, and cried, Kill him!
感叹句	Kill him!
感叹句	I want him dead!
感叹句	I wish lorek was here!
疑问句	Oh, Will, I done wrong, I'm so sorry— What?
疑问句	What's the matter?
并列句	That old man—he en't nothing but a low thief.
感叹句	He stole it, Will!
感叹句	He stole my alethiometer!
并列句	That stinky old man with his rich clothes and his servant driving the car.
并列句	Oh, I done such wrong things this morning—oh, I— And she sobbed so passionately he thought that hearts really did break, and hers was breaking now, for she fell to the ground wailing and shuddering, and Pantalaimon beside her became a wolf and howled with bitter grief.
并列句	Far off across the water, children stopped what they were doing and shaded their eyes to see.
并列句	Will sat down beside Lyra and shook her shoulder.
感叹句	Stop!
感叹句	Stop crying!
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	Tell me from the beginning.
疑问句	What old man?
疑问句	What happened?
陈述句	You're going to be so angry.
并列句	I promised I wouldn't give you away, I promised it, and then ... she sobbed, and Pantalaimon became a young clumsy dog with lowered ears and wagging tail, squirming with self-abasement; and Will understood that Lyra had done something that she was too ashamed to tell him about, and he spoke to the daemon.
疑问句	What happened?
陈述句	Just tell me, he said.
并列句	Pantalaimon said, We went to the Scholar, and there was someone else there—a man and a woman—and they tricked us.
并列句	They asked a lot of questions and then they asked about you, and before we could stop we gave it away that we knew you, and then we ran away— file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (75 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Lyra was hiding her face in her hands, pressing her head down against the pavement.
陈述句	Pantalaimon was flickering from shape to shape in his agitation: dog, bird, cat, snow-white ermine.
疑问句	What did the man look like?
陈述句	said Will.
并列句	Big, said Lyra's muffled voice, and ever so strong, and pale eyes ... Did he see you come back through the window?
并列句	No, but... Well, he won't know where we are, then.
并列句	But the alethiometer!
并列句	she cried, and she sat up fiercely, her face rigid with emotion, like a Greek mask.
陈述句	Yeah, said Will.
并列句	'Tell me about that Between sobs and teeth grindings she told him what had happened: how the old man had seen her using the alethiometer in the museum the day before, and how he'd stopped the car today and she'd gotten in to escape from the pale man, and how the car had pulled up on that side of the road so she'd had to climb past him to get out, and how he must have swiftly taken the alethiometer as he'd passed her the rucksack....
并列句	He could see how devastated she was, but not why she should feel guilty.
并列句	And then she said: And, Will, please, I done something very bad.
原因状语从句	Because the alethiometer told me I had to stop looking for Dust—at least I thought that's what it said— and I had to help you.
陈述句	I had to help you find your father.
并列句	And I could, I could take you to wherever he is, if I had it.
并列句	But I wouldn't listen.
并列句	I just done what / wanted to do, and I shouldn't....
并列句	He'd seen her use it, and he knew it could tell her the truth.
陈述句	He turned away.
并列句	She seized his wrist, but he broke away from her and walked to the edge of the water.
陈述句	The children were playing again across the harbor.
并列句	Lyra ran up to him and said, Will, I'm so sorry— What's the use of that?
并列句	I don't care if you're sorry or not You did it.
原因状语从句	But, Will, we got to help each other, you and me, because there en't anyone else!
陈述句	I can't see how.
并列句	Nor can I, but... She stopped in midsentence, and a light came into her eyes.
并列句	She turned and raced back to her rucksack, abandoned on the pavement, and rummaged through it feverishly.
感叹句	I know who he is!
并列句	And where he lives!
感叹句	Look!
并列句	she said, and held up a little white card.
感叹句	He gave this to me in the museum!
并列句	We can go and get the alethiometer back!
并列句	Will took the card and read: SIR CHARLES LATROM, CBE LlMEFIELD HOUSE OLD HEADINGTON OXFORD He's a sir, he said.
陈述句	A knight.
并列句	That means people will automatically believe him and not us.
疑问句	What did you want me to do, anyway?
疑问句	Go to the police?
感叹句	The police are after me!
并列句	Or if they weren't yesterday, they will be by now.
并列句	And if you go, they know who you are now, and they know you know me, so that wouldn't work either.
陈述句	We could steal it.
并列句	We could go to his house and steal it.
陈述句	I know where Headington is, there's a Headington in my Oxford too.
陈述句	It en't far.
陈述句	We could walk there in an hour, easy.
陈述句	You're stupid.
并列句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (76 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. lorek Byrnison would go there straightaway and rip his head off.
陈述句	I wish he was here.
并列句	He'd— But she fell silent.
并列句	Will was just looking at her, and she quailed.
原因状语从句	She would have quailed in the same way if the armored bear had looked at her like that, because there was something not unlike lorek in Will's eyes, young as they were.
陈述句	I never heard anything so stupid in my life, he said.
并列句	You think we can just go to his house and creep in and steal it?
陈述句	You need to think.
陈述句	You need to use your bloody brain.
并列句	He's going to have all kinds of burglar alarms and stuff, if he's a rich man.
并列句	There'll be bells that go off and special locks and lights with infrared switches that come on automatically— I never heard of those things, Lyra said.
陈述句	We en't got 'em in my world.
陈述句	I couldn't know that, Will.
并列句	All right, then think of this: He's got a whole house to hide it in, and how long would any burglar have to look through every cupboard and drawer and hiding place in a whole house?
并列句	Those men who came to my house had hours to look around, and they never found what they were looking for, and I bet he's got a whole lot bigger house than we have.
并列句	And probably a safe, too.
条件状语从句	So even if we did get into his house, we'd never find it in time before the police came.
陈述句	She hung her head.
陈述句	It was all true.
疑问句	What we going to do then?
陈述句	she said.
陈述句	He didn't answer.
并列句	But it was we, for certain.
并列句	He was bound to her now, whether he liked it or not.
并列句	He walked to the water's edge, and back to the terrace, and back to the water again.
并列句	He beat his hands together, looking for an answer, but no answer came, and he shook his head angrily.
陈述句	Just... go there, he said.
并列句	Just go there and see him.
条件状语从句	It's no good asking your scholar to help us, either, not if the police have been to her.
陈述句	She's bound to believe them rather than us.
条件状语从句	At least if we get into his house, we'll see where the main rooms are.
陈述句	That'll be a start.
并列句	Without another word he went inside and put the letters under the pillow in the room he'd slept in.
条件状语从句	Then, if he were caught, they'd never have them.
陈述句	Lyra was waiting on the terrace, with Pantalaimon perched on her shoulder as a sparrow.
陈述句	She was looking more cheerful.
陈述句	We're going to get it back all right, she said I can feel it.
陈述句	He said nothing.
陈述句	They set off for the window.
并列句	It took an hour and a half to walk to Headington.
并列句	Lyra led the way, avoiding the city center, and Will kept watch all around, saying nothing.
并列句	It was much harder for Lyra now than it had been even in the Arctic, on the way to Bolvangar, for then she'd had the gyptians and lorek Byrnison with her, and even if the tundra was full of danger, you knew the danger when you saw it.
并列句	Here, in the city that was both hers and not hers, danger could look friendly, and treachery smiled and smelled sweet; and even if they weren't going to kill her or part her from Pantalaimon, they had robbed her of her only guide.
并列句	Without the alethiometer, she was .. .just a little girl, lost Limefield House was the color of warm honey, and half of its front was covered in Virginia creeper.
并列句	It stood in a large, well-tended garden, with shrubbery at one side and a gravel drive sweeping up to the front door.
陈述句	The Rolls-Royce was parked in front of a double garage to the left.
并列句	Everything Will could see spoke of wealth and power, the sort of informal settled superiority that some upper-class English people still took for granted.
并列句	There was something about it that made him grit his teeth, and he didn't know why, until suddenly he remembered an occasion when he was very young.
并列句	His mother had taken him to a house not unlike this; they'd dressed in their best clothes and he'd had to be on his best behavior, and an old man and woman had made his mother cry, and they'd left the house and she was still crying.... Lyra saw him breathing fast and clenching his fists, and was sensible enough not to ask why; it was file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (77 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. something to do with him, not with her.
陈述句	Presently he took a deep breath.
陈述句	Well, he said, might as well try.
并列句	He walked up the drive, and Lyra followed close behind.
陈述句	They felt very exposed.
并列句	The door had an old-fashioned bell pull, like those in Lyra's world, and Will didn't know where to find it till Lyra showed him.
陈述句	When they pulled it, the bell jangled a long way off inside the house.
陈述句	The man who opened the door was the servant who'd been driving the car, only now he didn't have his cap on.
并列句	He looked at Will first, and then at Lyra, and his expression changed a little.
陈述句	We want to see Sir Charles Latrom, Will said.
陈述句	His jaw was jutting as it had done last night facing the stone-throwing children by the tower.
陈述句	The servant nodded.
陈述句	Wait here, he said.
陈述句	I'll tell Sir Charles.
陈述句	He closed the door.
并列句	It was solid oak, with two heavy locks, and bolts top and bottom, though Will thought that no sensible burglar would try the front door anyway.
并列句	And there was a burglar alarm prominently fixed to the front of the house, and a large spotlight at each corner; they'd never be able to get near it, let alone break in.
并列句	Steady footsteps came to the door, and then it opened again.
并列句	Will looked up at the face of this man who had so much that he wanted even more, and found him disconcertingly smooth and calm and powerful, not in the least guilty or ashamed.
并列句	Sensing Lyra beside him impatient and angry, Will said quickly, Excuse me, but Lyra thinks that when she had a lift in your car earlier on, she left something in it by mistake.
疑问句	Lyra?
陈述句	I don't know a Lyra.
陈述句	What an unusual name.
陈述句	I know a child called Lizzie.
并列句	And who are you?
陈述句	Cursing himself for forgetting, Will said, I'm her brother.
陈述句	Mark.
陈述句	I see.
并列句	Hello, Lizzie, or Lyra.
陈述句	You'd better come in.
陈述句	He stood aside.
并列句	Neither Will nor Lyra was quite expecting this, and they stepped inside uncertainly.
并列句	The hall was dim and smelled of beeswax and flowers.
并列句	Every surface was polished and clean, and a mahogany cabinet against the wall contained dainty porcelain figures.
条件状语从句	Will saw the servant standing in the background, as if he were waiting to be called.
并列句	Come into my study, said Sir Charles, and held open another door off the hall.
并列句	He was being courteous, even welcoming, but there was an edge to his manner that put Will on guard.
并列句	The study was large and comfortable in a cigar-smoke-and-leather-armchair sort of way, and seemed to be full of bookshelves, pictures, hunting trophies.
并列句	There were three or four glass-fronted cabinets containing antique scientific instruments—brass microscopes, telescopes covered in green leather, sextants, compasses; it was clear why he wanted the alethiometer.
并列句	Sit down, said Sir Charles, and indicated a leather sofa.
并列句	He sat at the chair behind his desk, and went on.
疑问句	Well?
疑问句	What have you got to say?
并列句	You stole— began Lyra hotly, but Will looked at her, and she stopped.
陈述句	Lyra thinks she left something in your car, he said again.
陈述句	We've come to get it back.
疑问句	Is this the object you mean?
并列句	he said, and took a velvet cloth from a drawer in the desk.
陈述句	Lyra stood up.
并列句	He ignored her and unfolded the cloth, disclosing the golden splendor of the alethiometer resting in his palm.
感叹句	Yes!
并列句	Lyra burst out, and reached for it But he closed his hand.
并列句	The desk was wide, and she couldn't reach; and before she could do anything else, he swung around and placed the alethiometer in a glass-fronted cabinet before locking it and dropping the key in his waistcoat pocket.
并列句	But it isn't yours, Lizzie, he said.
并列句	Or Lyra, if that's your name.
感叹句	It is mine!
感叹句	It's my alethiometer!
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (78 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
并列句	He shook his head, sadly and heavily, as if he were reproaching her and it was a sorrow to him, but he was doing it for her own good.
陈述句	I think at the very least there's considerable doubt about the matter, he said.
并列句	But it is hers!
陈述句	said Will.
感叹句	Honesdy!
感叹句	She's shown it to me!
感叹句	I know it's hers!
陈述句	You see, I think you'd have to prove that, he said.
原因状语从句	I don't have to prove anything, because it's in my possession.
陈述句	It's assumed to be mine.
陈述句	Like all the other items in my collection.
感叹句	I must say, Lyra, I'm surprised to find you so dishonest— I en't dishonest!
陈述句	Lyra cried.
并列句	Oh, but you are.
陈述句	You told me your name was Lizzie.
陈述句	Now I learn it's something else.
陈述句	Frankly, you haven't got a hope of convincing anyone that a precious piece like this belongs to you.
陈述句	I tell you what.
陈述句	Let's call the police.
陈述句	He turned his head to call for the servant.
并列句	No, wait— said Will, before Sir Charles could speak, but Lyra ran around the desk, and from nowhere Pantalaimon was in her arms, a snarling wildcat baring his teeth and hissing at the old man.
并列句	Sir Charles blinked at the sudden appearance of the daemon, but hardly flinched.
陈述句	You don't even know what it is you stole, Lyra stormed.
并列句	You seen me using it and you thought you'd steal it, and you did.
并列句	But you—you—you're worse than my mother.
感叹句	At least she knows it's important!
并列句	You're just going to put it in a case and do nothing with it!
条件状语从句	You ought to die\ If I can, I'll make someone kill you.
陈述句	You're not worth leaving alive.
陈述句	You're— She couldn't speak.
陈述句	All she could do was spit full in his face, so she did, with all her might.
陈述句	Will sat still, watching, looking around, memorizing where everything was.
并列句	Sir Charles calmly shook out a silk handkerchief and mopped himself.
疑问句	Have you any control over yourself?
陈述句	he said.
并列句	Go and sit down, you filthy brat.
并列句	Lyra felt tears shaken out of her eyes by the trembling of her body, and threw herself onto die sofa.
陈述句	Pantalaimon, his thick cat's tail erect, stood on her lap with his blazing eyes fixed on the old man.
并列句	Will sat silent and puzzled.
陈述句	Sir Charles could have thrown them out long before this.
疑问句	What was he playing at?
并列句	And then he saw something so bizarre he thought he had imagined it Out of the sleeve of Sir Charles's linen jacket, past the snowy white shirt cuff, came the emerald head of a snake.
并列句	Its black tongue flicked this way, that way, and its mailed head with its gold-rimmed black eyes moved from Lyra to Will and back again.
并列句	She was too angry to see it at all, and Will saw it only for a moment before it retreated again up the old man's sleeve, but it made his eyes widen with shock.
并列句	Sir Charles moved to the window seat and calmly sat down, arranging the crease in his trousers.
陈述句	I think you'd better listen to me instead of behaving in this uncontrolled way, he said.
陈述句	You really haven't any choice.
并列句	The instrument is in my possession and will stay there.
陈述句	I want it.
陈述句	I'm a collector.
并列句	You can spit and stamp and scream all you like, but by the time you've persuaded anyone else to listen to you, I shall have plenty of documents to prove that I bought it.
陈述句	I can do that very easily.
并列句	And then you'll never get it back.
陈述句	They were both silent now.
陈述句	He hadn't finished.
并列句	A great puzzlement was slowing Lyra's heartbeat and making the room very still.
陈述句	However, he went on, there's something I want even more.
并列句	And I can't get it myself, so I'm prepared to make a deal with you.
并列句	You fetch the object I want, and I'll give you back the—what did you call it?
陈述句	Alethiometer, said Lyra hoarsely.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (79 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Alethiometer.
陈述句	How interesting.
陈述句	Alethia, truth—those emblems—yes, I see.
疑问句	What's this thing you want?
陈述句	said Will.
并列句	And where is it?
并列句	It's somewhere I can't go, but you can.
陈述句	I'm perfectly well aware that you've found a doorway somewhere.
并列句	I guess it's not too far from Summertown, where I dropped Lizzie, or Lyra, this morning.
并列句	And that through the doorway is another world, one with no grownups in it.
疑问句	Right so far?
陈述句	Well, you see, the man who made that doorway has got a knife.
并列句	He's hiding in that other world right now, and he's extremely afraid.
陈述句	He has reason to be.
条件状语从句	If he's where I think he is, he's in an old stone tower with angels carved around the doorway.
陈述句	The Torre degli Angeli.
并列句	So that's where you have to go, and I don't care how you do it, but I want that knife.
并列句	Bring it to me, and you can have the alethiometer.
并列句	I shall be sorry to lose it, but I'm a man of my word.
陈述句	That's what you have to do: bring me the knife.
疑问句	EIGHT THE TOWER OF THE ANGELS Will said, Who is this man who's got the knife?
陈述句	They were in the Rolls-Royce, driving up through Oxford.
并列句	Sir Charles sat in the front, half-turned around, and Will and Lyra sat in the back, with Pantalaimon a mouse now, soothed in Lyra's hands.
陈述句	Someone who has no more right to the knife than I have to the alethiometer, said Sir Charles.
并列句	Unfortunately for all of us, the alethiometer is in my possession, and the knife is in his.
疑问句	How do you know about that other world anyway?
陈述句	I know many things that you don't.
疑问句	What else would you expect?
并列句	I am a good deal older and considerably better informed.
并列句	There are a number of doorways between this world and that; those who know where they are can easily pass back and forth.
陈述句	In Cittagazze there's a Guild of learned men, so called, who used to do so all the time.
感叹句	You en't from this world at all!
陈述句	said Lyra suddenly.
疑问句	You're from there, en't you?
并列句	And again came that strange nudge at her memory.
陈述句	She was almost certain she'd seen him before.
陈述句	No, I'm not, he said.
条件状语从句	Will said, If we've got to get the knife from that man, we need to know more about him.
疑问句	He's not going to just give it to us, is he?
陈述句	Certainly not.
陈述句	It's the one thing keeping the Specters away.
陈述句	It's not going to be easy by any means.
疑问句	The Specters are afraid of the knife?
陈述句	Very much so.
疑问句	Why do they attack only grownups?
陈述句	You don't need to know that now.
陈述句	It doesn't matter.
陈述句	Lyra, Sir Charles said, turning to her, tell me about your remarkable friend.
陈述句	He meant Pantalaimon.
并列句	And as soon as he said it, Will realized that the snake he'd seen concealed in the man's sleeve was a daemon too, and that Sir Charles must come from Lyra's world.
陈述句	He was asking about Pantalaimon to put them off the track: so he didn't realize that Will had seen his own daemon.
并列句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (80 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Lyra lifted Pantalaimon close to her breast, and he became a black rat, whipping his tail around and around her wrist and glaring at Sir Charles with red eyes.
陈述句	You weren't supposed to see him, she said.
陈述句	He's my daemon.
并列句	You think you en't got daemons in this world, but you have.
陈述句	Yours'd be a dung beetle.
条件状语从句	If the Pharaohs of Egypt were content to be represented by a scarab, so am I, he said.
陈述句	Well, you're from yet another world.
陈述句	How interesting.
并列句	Is that where the alethiometer comes from, or did you steal it on your travels?
陈述句	I was given it, said Lyra furiously.
陈述句	The Master of Jordan College in my Oxford gave it to me.
陈述句	It's mine by right.
并列句	And you wouldn't know what to do with it, you stupid, stinky old man; you'd never read it in a hundred years.
陈述句	It's just a toy to you.
并列句	But I need it, and so does Will.
陈述句	We'll get it back, don't worry.
陈述句	We'll see, said Sir Charles.
陈述句	This is where I dropped you before.
疑问句	Shall we let you out here?
原因状语从句	No, said Will, because he could see a police car farther down the road.
原因状语从句	You can't come into Ci'gazze because of the Specters, so it doesn't matter if you know where the window is.
陈述句	Take us farther up toward the ring road.
并列句	As you wish, said Sir Charles, and the car moved on.
并列句	When, or if, you get the knife, call my number and Allan will come to pick you up.
陈述句	They said no more till the chauffeur drew the car to a halt.
并列句	As they got out, Sir Charles lowered his window and said to Will, By the way, if you can't get the knife, don't bother to return.
并列句	Come to my house without it and I'll call the police.
陈述句	I imagine they'll be there at once when I tell them your real name.
疑问句	It is William Parry, isn't it?
陈述句	Yes, I thought so.
陈述句	There's a very good photo of you in today's paper.
并列句	And the car pulled away.
陈述句	Will was speechless.
陈述句	Lyra was shaking his arm.
陈述句	It's all right, she said, he won't tell anyone else.
条件状语从句	He would have done it already if he was going to.
陈述句	Come on.
陈述句	Ten minutes later they stood in the little square at the foot of the Tower of the Angels.
并列句	Will had told her about the snake daemon, and she had stopped still in the street, tormented again by that half-memory.
疑问句	Who was the old man?
疑问句	Where had she seen him?
陈述句	It was no good; the memory wouldn't come clear.
并列句	I didn't want to tell him Lyra said quietly, but I saw a man up there last night.
疑问句	He looked down when the kids were making all that noise.... What did he look like?
陈述句	Young, with curly hair.
陈述句	Not old at all.
并列句	But I saw him for only a moment, at the very top, over those battlements.
并列句	I thought he might be... You remember Angelica and Paolo, and Paolo said they had an older brother, and he'd come into the city as well, and she made Paolo stop telling us, as if it was a secret?
陈述句	Well, I thought it might be him.
陈述句	He might be after this knife as well.
并列句	And I reckon all the kids know about it.
陈述句	I think that's the real reason why they come back in the first place.
陈述句	Mmm, he said, looking up.
陈述句	Maybe.
陈述句	She remembered the children talking earlier that morning.
陈述句	No children would go in the tower, they'd said; there were scary things in there.
并列句	And she remembered her own feeling of unease as she and Pantalaimon had looked through the open door before leaving the city.
陈述句	Maybe that was why they needed a grown man to go in there.
陈述句	Her daemon was fluttering around her head now, moth-formed in the bright sunlight, whispering anxiously.
陈述句	Hush, she whispered back, there en't any choice, Pan.
陈述句	It's our fault.
并列句	We got to make it right, and file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (81 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. this is the only way.
陈述句	Will walked off to the right, following the wall of the tower.
并列句	At the corner a narrow cobbled alley led between it and the next building, and Will went down there too, looking up, getting the measure of the place.
陈述句	Lyra followed.
并列句	Will stopped under a window at the second-story level and said to Panta-laimon, Can you fly up there?
疑问句	Can you look in?
并列句	He became a sparrow at once and set off.
陈述句	He could only just reach it.
并列句	Lyra gasped and gave a little cry when he was at the windowsill, and he perched there for a second or two before diving down again.
并列句	She sighed and took deep breaths like someone rescued from drowning.
陈述句	Will frowned, puzzled.
陈述句	It's hard, she explained, when your daemon goes away from you.
陈述句	It hurts.
陈述句	Sorry.
疑问句	Did you see anything?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	Stairs, said Pantalaimon.
并列句	Stairs and dark rooms.
并列句	There were swords hung on the wall, and spears and shields, like a museum.
并列句	And I saw the young man.
陈述句	He was ... dancing.
疑问句	Dancing?
并列句	Moving to and fro, waving his hand about.
并列句	Or as if he was fighting something invisible...
陈述句	I just saw him through an open door.
陈述句	Not clearly.
疑问句	Fighting a Specter?
陈述句	Lyra guessed.
并列句	But they couldn't guess any better, so they moved on.
并列句	Behind the tower a high stone wall, topped with broken glass, enclosed a small garden with formal beds of herbs around a fountain (once again Pantalaimon flew up to look); and then there was an alley on the other side, bringing them back to the square.
并列句	The windows around the tower were small and deeply set, like frowning eyes.
陈述句	We'll have to go in the front, then, said Will.
并列句	He climbed the steps and pushed the door wide.
并列句	Sunlight struck in, and the heavy hinges creaked.
并列句	He took a step or two inside, and seeing no one, went in farther.
陈述句	Lyra followed close behind.
并列句	The floor was made of flagstones worn smooth over centuries, and the air inside was cool.
并列句	Will looked at a flight of steps going downward, and went far enough down to see that it opened into a wide, low-ceilinged room with an immense coal furnace at one end, where the plaster walls were black with soot; but there was no one there, and he went up to the entrance hall again, where he found Lyra with her finger to her lips, looking up.
陈述句	I can hear him, she whispered.
陈述句	He's talking to himself, I reckon.
并列句	Will listened hard, and heard it too: a low crooning murmur interrupted occasionally by a harsh laugh or a short cry of anger.
陈述句	It sounded like the voice of a madman.
并列句	Will blew out his cheeks and set off to climb the staircase.
并列句	It was made of blackened oak, immense and broad, with steps as worn as the flagstones: far too solid to creak underfoot.
原因状语从句	The light diminished as they climbed, because the only illumination was the small deep-set window on each landing.
并列句	They climbed up one floor, stopped and listened, climbed the next, and the sound of the man's voice was now mixed with that of halting, rhythmic footsteps.
陈述句	It came from a room across the landing, whose door stood ajar.
并列句	Will tiptoed to it and pushed it open another few inches so he could see.
陈述句	It was a large room with cobwebs thickly clustered on the ceiling.
并列句	The walls were lined with bookshelves containing badly preserved volumes with the bindings crumbling and flaking, or distorted with damp.
并列句	Several of them lay thrown off the shelves, open on the floor or the wide dusty tables, and others had been thrust back higgledy-piggledy.
陈述句	In the center of the room, a young man was—dancing.
陈述句	Pantalaimon was right: it looked exactly like that.
并列句	He had his back to the door, and he'd shuffle to one side, then to the other, and all the time his right hand moved in front of him as if he were clearing a way through some invisible obstacles.
并列句	In that hand was a knife, not a special-looking knife, just a dull blade about eight inches long, and he'd thrust it forward, slice it sideways, feel forward with it, jab up and down, all file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (82 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. in the empty air.
并列句	He moved as if to turn, and Will withdrew.
并列句	He put a finger to his lips and beckoned to Lyra, and led her to the stairs and up to the next floor.
疑问句	What's he doing?
陈述句	she whispered.
陈述句	He described it as well as he could.
陈述句	He sounds mad, said Lyra.
疑问句	Is he thin, with curly hair?
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	Red hair, like Angelica's.
陈述句	He certainly looks mad.
陈述句	I don't know—I think this is odder than Sir Charles said.
陈述句	Let's look farther up before we speak to him.
并列句	She didn't question, but let him lead them up another staircase to the top story.
原因状语从句	It was much lighter up there, because a white-painted flight of steps led up to the roof—or, rather, to a wood-and-glass structure like a little greenhouse.
陈述句	Even at the foot of the steps they could feel the heat it was absorbing.
并列句	And as they stood there they heard a groan from above.
陈述句	They jumped.
陈述句	They'd been sure there was only one man in the tower.
并列句	Pantalaimon was so startled that he changed at once from a cat to a bird and flew to Lyra's breast.
并列句	Will and Lyra realized as he did so that they'd seized each other's hand, and let go slowly.
并列句	Better go and see, Will whispered.
陈述句	I'll go first.
陈述句	I ought to go first, she whispered back, seeing it's my fault.
陈述句	Seeing it's your fault, you got to do as I say.
并列句	She twisted her lip but fell in behind him.
陈述句	He climbed up into the sun.
陈述句	The light in the glass structure was blinding.
并列句	It was as hot as a greenhouse, too, and Will could neither see nor breathe easily.
并列句	He found a door handle and turned it and stepped out quickly, holding his hand up to keep the sun out of his eyes.
陈述句	He found himself on a roof of lead, enclosed by the battle-mented parapet.
并列句	The glass structure was set in the center, and the lead sloped slightly downward all around toward a gutter inside the parapet, with square drainage holes in the stone for rainwater.
陈述句	Lying on the lead, in the full sun, was an old man with white hair.
并列句	His face was bruised and battered, and one eye was closed, and as they saw when they got closer, his hands were tied behind him.
并列句	He heard them coining and groaned again, and tried to turn over to shield himself.
陈述句	It's all right, said Will quietly.
陈述句	We aren't going to hurt you.
疑问句	Did the man with the knife do this?
陈述句	Mmm, the old man grunted.
陈述句	Let's undo the rope.
陈述句	He hasn't tied it very well....
并列句	It was clumsily and hastily knotted, and it fell away quickly once Will had seen how to work it.
并列句	They helped the old man to get up and took him over to the shade of the parapet Who are you?
陈述句	Will said.
陈述句	We didn't think there were two people here.
陈述句	We thought there was only one.
陈述句	Giacomo Paradisi, the old man muttered through broken teeth.
陈述句	I am the bearer.
陈述句	No one else.
陈述句	That young man stole it from me.
陈述句	There are always fools who take risks like that for the sake of the knife.
并列句	But this one is desperate.
陈述句	He is going to kill me.
陈述句	No, he en't, Lyra said.
疑问句	What's the bearer?
疑问句	What's that mean?
陈述句	I hold the subtle knife on behalf of the Guild.
疑问句	Where has he gone?
陈述句	He's downstairs, said Will.
陈述句	We came up past him.
陈述句	He didn't see us.
陈述句	He was waving it about in the air.
陈述句	'Trying to cut through.
陈述句	He won't succeed.
陈述句	When he— Watch out, Lyra said.
陈述句	Will turned.
陈述句	The young man was climbing up into the little wooden shelter.
并列句	He hadn't seen them yet, but there was nowhere to hide, and as they stood up he saw the movement and whipped file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (83 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. around to face them.
并列句	Immediately Pantalaimon became a bear and reared up on his hind legs.
并列句	Only Lyra knew that he wouldn't be able to touch the other man, and certainly the other blinked and stared for a second, but Will saw that he hadn't really registered it.
陈述句	The man was crazy.
并列句	His curly red hair was matted, his chin was flecked with spit, and the whites of his eyes showed all around the pupils.
并列句	And he had the knife, and they had no weapons at all.
并列句	Will stepped up the lead, away from the old man, crouching, ready to jump or fight or leap out of the way.
并列句	The young man sprang forward and slashed at him with the knife—left, right, left, coming closer and closer, making Will back away till he was trapped in the angle where two sides of the tower met.
陈述句	Lyra was scrambling toward the man from behind, with the loose rope in her hand.
并列句	Will darted forward suddenly, just as he'd done to the man in his house, and with the same effect: his antagonist tumbled backward unexpectedly, falling over Lyra to crash onto the lead.
陈述句	It was all happening too quickly for Will to be frightened.
并列句	But he did have time to see the knife fly from the man's hand and sink at once into the lead some feet away, point first, with no more resistance than if it had fallen into butter.
并列句	It plunged as far as the hilt and stopped suddenly.
并列句	And the young man twisted over and reached for it at once, but Will flung himself on his back and seized his hair.
陈述句	He had learned to fight at school; there had been plenty of occasion for it, once the other children had sensed that there was something the matter with his mother.
并列句	And he'd learned that the object of a school fight was not to gain points for style but to force your enemy to give in, which meant hurting him more than he was hurting you.
并列句	He knew that you had to be willing to hurt someone else, too, and he'd found out that not many people were, when it came to it; but he knew that he was.
并列句	So this wasn't unfamiliar to him, but he hadn't fought against a nearly grown man armed with a knife before, and at all costs he must keep the man from picking it up now that he'd dropped it.
并列句	Will twisted his fingers into the young man's thick, damp hair and wrenched back as hard as he could.
并列句	The man grunted and flung himself sideways, but Will hung on even tighter, and his opponent roared with pain and anger.
并列句	He pushed up and then threw himself backward, crushing Will between himself and the parapet, and that was too much; all the breath left Will's body, and in the shock his hands loosened.
陈述句	The man pulled free.
并列句	Will dropped to his knees in the gutter, winded badly, but he couldn't stay there.
陈述句	He tried to stand —and in doing so, he thrust his foot through one of the drainage holes.
并列句	His fingers scraped desperately on the warm lead, and for a horrible second he thought he would slide off the roof to the ground.
并列句	But nothing happened.
陈述句	His left leg was thrust out into empty space; the rest of him was safe.
并列句	He pulled his leg back inside the parapet and scrambled to his feet.
并列句	The man had reached his knife again, but he didn't have time to pull it out of the lead before Lyra leaped onto his back, scratching, kicking, biting like a wildcat.
并列句	But she missed the hold on his hair that she was trying for, and he threw her off.
并列句	And when he got up, he had the knife in his hand.
陈述句	Lyra had fallen to one side, with Pantalaimon a wildcat now, fur raised, teeth bared, beside her.
并列句	Will faced the man directly and saw him clearly for the first time.
并列句	There was no doubt: he was Angelica's brother, all right, and he was vicious.
并列句	All his mind was focused on Will, and the knife was in his hand.
并列句	But Will wasn't harmless either.
并列句	He'd seized the rope when Lyra dropped it, and now he wrapped it around his left hand for protection against the knife.
并列句	He moved sideways between the young man and the sun, so that his file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (84 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. antagonist had to squint and blink.
并列句	Even better, the glass structure threw brilliant reflections into his eyes, and Will could see that for a moment he was almost blinded.
并列句	He leaped to the man's left, away from the knife, holding his left hand high, and kicked hard at the man's knee.
并列句	He'd taken care to aim, and his foot connected well.
并列句	The man went down with a loud grunt and twisted away awkwardly.
并列句	Will leaped after him, kicking again and again, kicking whatever parts he could reach, driving the man back and back toward the glass house.
条件状语从句	If he could get him to the top of the stairs...
并列句	This time the man fell more heavily, and his right hand with the knife in it came down on the lead at Will's feet.
并列句	Will stamped on it at once, hard, crushing the man's fingers between the hilt and the lead, and then wrapped the rope more tightly around his hand and stamped a second time.
并列句	The man yelled and let go of the knife.
并列句	At once Will kicked it away, his shoe connecting with the hilt, luckily for him, and it spun across the lead and came to rest in the gutter just beside a drainage hole.
并列句	The rope had come loose around his hand once more, and there seemed to be a surprising amount of blood from somewhere sprinkled on the lead and on his own shoes.
感叹句	The man was pulling himself up— Look out!
并列句	shouted Lyra, but Will was ready.
陈述句	At the moment when the man was off balance, he threw himself at him, crashing as hard as he could into the man's midriff.
并列句	The man fell backward into the glass, which shattered at once, and the flimsy wooden frame went too.
并列句	He sprawled among the wreckage half over the stairwell, and grabbed the doorframe, but it had nothing to support it anymore, and it gave way.
并列句	He fell downward, and more glass fell all around him.
并列句	And Will darted back to the gutter, and picked up the knife, and the fight was over.
并列句	The young man, cut and battered, clambered up the step, and saw Will standing above him holding the knife; he stared with a sickly anger and then turned and fled.
陈述句	Ah, said Will, sitting down.
陈述句	Ah.
并列句	Something was badly wrong, and he hadn't noticed it.
并列句	He dropped the knife and hugged his left hand to himself.
并列句	The tangle of rope was sodden with blood, and when he pulled it away— Your fingers!
陈述句	Lyra breathed.
并列句	Oh, Will— His little finger and the finger next to it fell away with the rope.
陈述句	His head swam.
并列句	Blood was pulsing strongly from the stumps where his fingers had been, and his jeans and shoes were sodden already.
并列句	He had to lie back and close his eyes for a moment.
并列句	The pain wasn't that great, and a part of his mind registered that with a dull surprise.
陈述句	It was like a persistent, deep hammer thud more than the bright, sharp clarity when you cut yourself superficially.
陈述句	He'd never felt so weak.
陈述句	He supposed he had gone to sleep for a moment.
陈述句	Lyra was doing something to his arm.
并列句	He sat up to look at the damage, and felt sick.
并列句	The old man was somewhere close by, but Will couldn't see what he was doing, and meanwhile Lyra was talking to him.
条件状语从句	If only we had some bloodmoss, she was saying, what the bears use, I could make it better, Will, I could.
陈述句	Look, I'm going to tie this bit of rope around your arm, to stop the bleeding, cause I can't tie it around where your fingers were, there's nothing to tie it to.
陈述句	Hold still.
陈述句	He let her do it, then looked around for his fingers.
陈述句	There they were, curled like a bloody quotation mark on the lead.
陈述句	He laughed.
陈述句	Hey, she said, stop that.
陈述句	Get up now.
陈述句	Mr. Paradisi's got some medicine, some salve, I dunno what it is.
陈述句	You got to come downstairs.
陈述句	That other man's gone—we seen him run out the door.
陈述句	He's gone now.
陈述句	You beat him.
并列句	Come on, Will— come on— file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (85 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. Nagging and cajoling, she urged him down the steps, and they picked their way through the shattered glass and splintered wood and into a small, cool room off the landing.
并列句	The walls were lined with shelves of bottles, jars, pots, pestles and mortars, and chemists' balances.
陈述句	Under the dirty window was a stone sink, where the old man was pouring something with a shaky hand from a large bottle into a smaller one.
并列句	Sit down and drink this, he said, and filled a small glass with a dark golden liquid.
并列句	Will sat down and took the glass.
陈述句	The first mouthful hit the back of his throat like fire.
陈述句	Lyra took the glass to stop it from falling as Will gasped.
陈述句	Drink it all, the old man commanded.
疑问句	What is it?
陈述句	Plum brandy.
陈述句	Drink.
陈述句	Will sipped it more cautiously.
陈述句	Now his hand was really beginning to hurt.
疑问句	Can you heal him?
陈述句	said Lyra, her voice desperate.
陈述句	Oh, yes, we have medicines for everything.
并列句	You, girl, open that drawer in the table and bring out a bandage.
并列句	Will saw the knife lying on the table in the center of the room, but before he could pick it up the old man was limping toward him with a bowl of water.
陈述句	Drink again, the old man said.
并列句	Will held the glass tightly and closed his eyes while the old man did something to his hand It stung horribly, but then he felt the rough friction of a towel on his wrist, and something mopping the wound more gently.
并列句	Then there was a coolness for a moment, and it hurt again.
陈述句	This is precious ointment, the old man said.
陈述句	Very difficult to obtain.
陈述句	Very good for wounds.
陈述句	It was a dusty, battered tube of ordinary antiseptic cream, such as Will could have bought in any pharmacy in his world.
条件状语从句	The old man was handling it as if it were made of myrrh.
陈述句	Will looked away.
并列句	And while the man was dressing the wound, Lyra felt Pan-talaimon calling to her silently to come and look out the window.
并列句	He was a kestrel perching on the open window frame, and his eyes had caught a movement below.
并列句	She joined him, and saw a familiar figure: the girl Angelica was running toward her elder brother, Tullio, who stood with his back against the wall on the other side of the narrow street waving his arms in the air as if trying to keep a flock of bats from his face.
并列句	Then he turned away and began to run his hands along the stones in the wall, looking closely at each one, counting them, feeling the edges, hunching up his shoulders as if to ward off something behind him, shaking his head.
并列句	Angelica was desperate, and so was little Paolo behind her, and they reached their brother and seized his arms and tried to pull him away from whatever was troubling him.
并列句	And Lyra realized with a jolt of sickness what was happening: the man was being attacked by Specters.
并列句	Angelica knew it, though she couldn't see them, of course, and little Paolo was crying and striking at the empty air to try and drive them off; but it didn't help, and Tullio was lost.
并列句	His movements became more and more lethargic, and presently they stopped altogether.
并列句	Angelica clung to him, shaking and shaking his arm, but nothing woke him; and Paolo was crying his brother's name over and over as if that would bring him back.
并列句	Then Angelica seemed to feel Lyra watching her, and she looked up.
陈述句	For a moment their eyes met.
原因状语从句	Lyra felt a jolt as if the girl had struck her a physical blow, because the hatred in her eyes was so intense, and then Paolo saw her looking and looked up too, and his little boy's voice cried, We'll kill you!
感叹句	You done this to Tullio!
感叹句	We gonna kill you, all right!
并列句	The two children turned and ran, leaving their stricken brother; and Lyra, frightened and guilty, withdrew inside the room again and shut the window.
陈述句	The others hadn't heard.
并列句	Gia-como Paradisi file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (86 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. was dabbing more ointment on the wounds, and Lyra tried to put what she'd seen out of her mind, and focused on Will.
陈述句	You got to tie something around his arm, Lyra said, to stop the bleeding.
陈述句	It won't stop otherwise.
并列句	Yes, yes, I know, said the old man, but sadly.
并列句	Will kept his eyes averted while they did up a bandage, and drank the plum brandy sip by sip.
并列句	Presently he felt soothed and distant, though his hand was hurting abominably.
陈述句	Now, said Giacomo Paradisi, here you are, take the knife, it is yours.
陈述句	I don't want it, said Will.
陈述句	I don't want anything to do with it.
陈述句	You haven't got the choice, said the old man.
陈述句	You are the bearer now.
陈述句	I thought you said you was, said Lyra.
陈述句	My time is over, he said.
并列句	The knife knows when to leave one hand and settle in another, and I know how to tell.
疑问句	You don't believe me?
感叹句	Look!
陈述句	He held up his own left hand.
并列句	The little finger and the finger next to it were missing, just like Will's.
陈述句	Yes, he said, me too.
并列句	I fought and lost the same fingers, the badge of the bearer.
并列句	And I did not know either, in advance.
陈述句	Lyra sat down, wide-eyed.
陈述句	Will held on to the dusty table with his good hand.
陈述句	He struggled to find words.
并列句	But I—we only came here because—there was a man who stole something of Lyra's, and he wanted the knife, and he said if we brought him that, then he'd— I know that man.
陈述句	He is a liar, a cheat.
陈述句	He won't give you anything, make no mistake.
并列句	He wants the knife, and once he has it, he will betray you.
陈述句	He will never be the bearer.
陈述句	The knife is yours by right.
陈述句	With a heavy reluctance, Will turned to the knife itself.
陈述句	He pulled it toward him.
并列句	It was an ordinary-looking dagger, with a double-sided blade of dull metal about eight inches long, a short crosspiece of the same metal, and a handle of rosewood.
并列句	As he looked at it more closely, he saw that the rosewood was inlaid with golden wires, forming a design he didn't recognize till he turned the knife around and saw an angel, with wings folded.
陈述句	On the other side was a different angel, with wings upraised.
并列句	The wires stood out a little from the surface, giving a firm grip, and as he picked it up he felt that it was light in his hand and strong and beautifully balanced, and that the blade was not dull after all.
陈述句	In fact, a swirl of cloudy colors seemed to live just under the surface of the metal: bruise purples, sea blues, earth browns, cloud grays, the deep green under heavy-foliaged trees, the clustering shades at the mouth of a tomb as evening falls over a deserted graveyard....
条件状语从句	If there was such a thing as shadow-colored, it was the blade of the subtle knife.
并列句	But the edges were different.
陈述句	In fact, the two edges differed from each other.
并列句	One was clear bright steel, merging a little way back into those subtle shadow-colors, but steel of an incomparable sharpness.
陈述句	Will's eye shrank back from looking at it, so sharp did it seem.
并列句	The other edge was just as keen, but silvery in color, and Lyra, who was looking at it over Will's shoulder, said: I seen that color before!
并列句	That's the same as the blade they was going to cut me and Pan apart with—that's just the same!
陈述句	This edge, said Giacomo Paradisi, touching the steel with the handle of a spoon, will cut through any material in the world.
陈述句	Look.
并列句	And he pressed the silver spoon against the blade.
陈述句	Will, holding the knife, felt only the slightest resistance as the tip of the spoon's handle fell to the table, cut clean off.
陈述句	The other edge, the old man went on, is more subtle still.
陈述句	With it you can cut an opening out of file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (87 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. this world altogether.
陈述句	Try it now.
陈述句	Do as I say—you are the bearer.
陈述句	You have to know.
并列句	No one can teach you but me, and I have not much time left.
并列句	Stand up and listen.
并列句	Will pushed his chair back and stood, holding the knife loosely.
陈述句	He felt dizzy, sick, rebellious.
并列句	I don't want— he began, but Giacomo Paradisi shook his head.
感叹句	Be silent!
感叹句	You don't want—you don't want... you have no choice!
原因状语从句	Listen to me, because time is short.
陈述句	Now hold the knife out ahead of you—like that.
陈述句	It's not only the knife that has to cut, it's your own mind.
陈述句	You have to think it So do this: Put your mind out at the very tip of the knife.
陈述句	Concentrate, boy.
陈述句	Focus your mind.
陈述句	Don't think about your wound.
陈述句	It will heal.
陈述句	Think about the knife tip.
陈述句	That is where you are.
陈述句	Now feel with it, very gently.
并列句	You're looking for a gap so small you could never see it with your eyes, but the knife tip will find it, if you put your mind there.
陈述句	Feel along the air till you sense the smallest little gap in the world.... Will tried to do it.
并列句	But his head was buzzing, and his left hand throbbed horribly, and he saw his two fingers again, lying on the roof, and then he thought of his mother, his poor mother.... What would she say?
疑问句	How would she comfort him?
疑问句	How could he ever comfort her?
并列句	And he put the knife down on the table and crouched low, hugging his wounded hand, and cried.
陈述句	It was all too much to bear.
并列句	The sobs racked his throat and his chest and the tears dazzled him, and he should be crying for her, the poor frightened unhappy dear beloved—he'd left her, he'd left her....
陈述句	He was desolate.
并列句	But then he felt the strangest thing, and brushed the back of his right wrist across his eyes to find Pan-talaimon's head on his knee.
并列句	The daemon, in the form of a wolfhound, was gazing up at him with melting, sorrowing eyes, and then he gently licked Will's wounded hand again and again, and laid his head on Will's knee once more.
并列句	Will had no idea of the taboo in Lyra's world preventing one person from touching another's daemon, and if he hadn't touched Pantalaimon before, it was politeness that had held him back and not knowledge.
陈述句	Lyra, in fact, was breathtaken.
并列句	Her daemon had done it on his own initiative, and now he withdrew and fluttered to her shoulder as the smallest of moths.
并列句	The old man was watching with interest but not incredulity.
陈述句	He'd seen dasmons before, somehow; he'd traveled to other worlds too.
陈述句	Pantalaimon's gesture had worked.
并列句	Will swallowed hard and stood up again, wiping the tears out of his eyes.
陈述句	All right, he said, I'll try again.
陈述句	Tell me what to do.
陈述句	This time he forced his mind to do what Giacomo Paradisi said, gritting his teeth, trembling with exertion, sweating.
原因状语从句	Lyra was bursting to interrupt, because she knew this process.
并列句	So did Dr. Malone, and so did the poet Keats, whoever he was, and all of them knew you couldn't get it by straining toward it But she held her tongue and clasped her hands.
陈述句	Stop, said the old man gently.
陈述句	Relax.
陈述句	Don't push.
陈述句	This is a subtle knife, not a heavy sword.
陈述句	You're gripping it too tight.
陈述句	Loosen your fingers.
并列句	Let your mind wander down your arm to your wrist and then into the handle, and out along the blade.
陈述句	No hurry, go gently, don't force it.
陈述句	Just wander.
陈述句	Then along to the very tip, where the edge is sharpest of all.
陈述句	You become the tip of the knife.
陈述句	Just do that now.
并列句	Go there and feel that, and then come back.
陈述句	Will tried again.
并列句	Lyra could see the intensity in his body, saw his jaw working, and then saw an authority descend over it, calming and relaxing and clarifying.
陈述句	The authority was Will's own—or his daemon's, perhaps.
感叹句	How he must miss having a daemon!
并列句	The loneliness of it... No wonder he'd cried; and it was right of Pantalaimon to do what he'd done, though it had felt so strange to her.
并列句	She reached up to her beloved daemon, and, ermine-shaped, he flowed onto her lap.
陈述句	They watched together as Will's body stopped trembling.
并列句	No less intense, he was focused differently now, and the knife looked different too.
并列句	Perhaps it was those cloudy colors along the file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (88 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. blade, or perhaps it was the way it sat so naturally in Will's hand, but the little movements he was making with the tip now looked purposeful instead of random.
并列句	He felt this way, then turned the knife over and felt the other, always feeling with the silvery edge; and then he seemed to find some little snag in the empty air.
疑问句	What's this?
疑问句	Is this it?
陈述句	he said hoarsely.
陈述句	Yes.
陈述句	Don't force it.
陈述句	Come back now, come back to yourself.
并列句	Lyra imagined she could see Will's soul flowing back along the blade to his hand, and up his arm to his heart.
陈述句	He stood back, dropped his hand, blinked.
陈述句	I felt something there, he said to Giacomo Paradisi.
并列句	The knife was just slipping through the air at first, and then I felt it... Good.
陈述句	Now do it again.
并列句	This time, when you feel it, slide me knife in and along.
陈述句	Make a cut.
陈述句	Don't hesitate.
陈述句	Don't be surprised.
陈述句	Don't drop the knife.
并列句	Will had to crouch and take two or three deep breaths and put his left hand under his other arm before he could go on.
并列句	But he was intent on it; he stood up again after a couple of seconds, the knife held forward already.
陈述句	This time it was easier.
并列句	Having felt it once, he knew what to search for again, and he felt the curious little snag after less than a minute.
并列句	It was like delicately searching out the gap between one stitch and the next with the point of a scalpel.
并列句	He touched, withdrew, touched again to make sure, and then did as the old man had said, and cut sideways with the silver edge.
陈述句	It was a good thing that Giacomo Paradisi had reminded him not to be surprised.
并列句	He kept careful hold of the knife and put it down on the table before giving in to his astonishment.
原因状语从句	Lyra was on her feet already, speechless, because there in the middle of the dusty little room was a window just like the one under the hornbeam trees: a gap in midair through which they could see another world.
原因状语从句	And because they were high in the tower, they were high above north Oxford.
陈述句	Over a cemetery, in fact, looking back toward the city.
并列句	There were the hornbeam trees a little way ahead of them; there were houses, trees, roads, and in the distance the towers and spires of the city.
条件状语从句	If they hadn't already seen the first window, they would have thought this was some kind of optical trick.
并列句	Except that it wasn't only optical; air was coming through it, and they could smell the traffic fumes, which didn't exist in the world of Cit-tagazze.
并列句	Pantalaimon changed into a swallow and flew through, delighting hi the open air, and then snapped up an insect before darting back through to Lyra's shoulder again.
陈述句	Giacomo Paradisi was watching with a curious, sad smile.
陈述句	Then he said, So much for opening.
陈述句	Now you must learn to close.
并列句	Lyra stood back to give Will room, and the old man came to stand beside him.
陈述句	For this you need your fingers, he said.
陈述句	One hand will do.
陈述句	Feel for the edge as you felt with the knife to begin with.
条件状语从句	You won't find it unless you put your soul into your fingertips.
并列句	Touch very delicately; feel again and again till you find the edge.
陈述句	Then you pinch it together.
陈述句	That's all.
陈述句	Try.
并列句	But Will was trembling.
并列句	He couldn't get his mind back to the delicate balance he knew it needed, and he got more and more frustrated.
陈述句	Lyra could see what was happening.
并列句	She stood up and took his right arm and said, Listen, Will, sit down, I'll tell you how to do it.
并列句	Just sit down for a minute, 'cause your hand hurts and it's taking your mind off it.
陈述句	It's bound to.
陈述句	It'll ease off in a little while.
并列句	The old man raised both his hands and then changed his mind, shrugged, and sat down again.
并列句	Will sat down and looked at Lyra.
疑问句	What am I doing wrong?
陈述句	he said.
陈述句	He was bloodstained, trembling, wild-eyed.
陈述句	He was living on the edge of his nerves: clenching his file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (89 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. jaw, tapping his foot, breathing fast.
陈述句	It's your wound, she said.
陈述句	You en't wrong at all.
并列句	You're doing it right, but your hand won't let you concentrate on it.
条件状语从句	I don't know an easy way of getting around that, except maybe if you didn't try to shut it out.
疑问句	What d'you mean?
陈述句	Well, you're trying to do two things with your mind, both at once.
并列句	You're trying to ignore the pain and close that window.
并列句	I remember when I was reading the alethiometer once when I was frightened, and maybe I was used to it by that time, I don't know, but I was still frightened all the time I was reading it.
并列句	Just sort of relax your mind and say yes, it does hurt, I know.
并列句	Don't try and shut it out.
陈述句	His eyes closed briefly.
陈述句	His breathing slowed a little.
陈述句	All right, he said.
陈述句	I'll try that.
并列句	And this time it was much easier.
并列句	He felt for the edge, found it within a minute, and did as Giacomo Paradisi had told him: pinched the edges together.
陈述句	It was the easiest thing in the world.
并列句	He felt a brief, calm exhilaration, and then the window was gone.
陈述句	The other world was shut.
原因状语从句	The old man handed him a leather sheath, backed with stiff horn, with buckles to hold the knife hi place, because the slightest sideways movement of the blade would have cut through the thickest leather.
并列句	Will slid the knife into it and buckled it as tight as he could with his clumsy hand.
陈述句	This should be a solemn occasion, Giacomo Paradisi said.
并列句	If we had days and weeks I could begin to tell you the story of the subtle knife, and the Guild of the Torre degli Angeli, and the whole sorry history of this corrupt and careless world.
陈述句	The Specters are our fault, our fault alone.
原因状语从句	They came because my predecessors, alchemists, philosophers, men of learning, were making an inquiry into die deepest nature of things.
陈述句	They became curious about the bonds that held the smallest particles of matter together.
疑问句	You know what I mean by a bond?
疑问句	Something that binds?
陈述句	Well, this was a mercantile city.
并列句	A city of traders and bankers.
陈述句	We thought we knew about bonds.
并列句	We thought a bond was something negotiable, something that could be bought and sold and exchanged and converted....
并列句	But about these bonds, we were wrong.
并列句	We undid them, and we let the Specters in.
疑问句	Will asked, Where do the Specters come from?
疑问句	Why was the window left open under those trees, the one we first came in through?
疑问句	Are there other windows in the world?
疑问句	Where the Specters come from is a mystery—from another world, from the darkness of space... who knows?
并列句	What matters is that they are here, and they have destroyed us.
疑问句	Are there other windows into this world?
原因状语从句	Yes, a few, because sometimes a knife bearer might be careless or forgetful, without time to stop and close as he should.
并列句	And the window you came through, under the hornbeam trees...
陈述句	I left that open myself, in a moment of unforgivable foolishness.
并列句	There is a man I am afraid of, and I thought to tempt him through and into the city, where he would fall victim to the Specters.
并列句	But I think that he is too clever for a trick like that.
陈述句	He wants the knife.
陈述句	Please, never let him get it.
并列句	Will and Lyra shared a glance.
并列句	Well, the old man finished, spreading his hands, all I can do is hand the knife on to you and show you how to use it, which I have done, and tell you what the rules of the Guild used to be, before it decayed.
陈述句	First, never open without closing.
陈述句	Second, never let anyone else use the knife.
陈述句	It is yours alone.
陈述句	Third, never use it for a base purpose.
陈述句	Fourth, keep it secret.
原因状语从句	If there are other rules, I have forgotten them, and if I've forgotten them it is because they don't matter.
陈述句	You have the knife.
陈述句	You are the bearer.
陈述句	You should not be a child.
并列句	But our world is crumbling, and the mark of the bearer is unmistakable.
陈述句	I don't even know your name.
陈述句	Now go.
原因状语从句	I shall die very soon, because file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (90 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
并列句	I know where there are poisonous drugs, and I don't intend to wait for the Specters to come in, as they will once the knife has left.
陈述句	Go.
并列句	But, Mr. Paradisi— Lyra began.
并列句	But he shook his head and went on: There is no time.
并列句	You have come here for a purpose, and maybe you don't know what that purpose is, but the angels do who brought you here.
陈述句	Go.
并列句	You are brave, and your friend is clever.
并列句	And you have the knife.
陈述句	Go.
疑问句	You en't really going to poison yourself?
陈述句	said Lyra, distressed.
陈述句	Come on, said Will.
并列句	And what did you mean about angels?
陈述句	she went on.
陈述句	Will tugged her arm.
陈述句	Come on, he said again.
陈述句	We got to go.
陈述句	Thank you, Mr. Paradisi.
并列句	He held out his bloodstained, dusty right hand, and the old man shook it gently.
并列句	He shook Lyra's hand, too, and nodded to Pantalaimon, who lowered his ermine head in acknowledgment.
并列句	Clutching the knife in its leather sheath, Will led the way down the broad dark stairs and out of the tower.
并列句	The sunlight was hot in the little square, and the silence was profound.
并列句	Lyra looked all around, with immense caution, but the street was empty.
并列句	And it would be better not to worry Will about what she'd seen; there was quite enough to worry about already.
陈述句	She led him away from the street where she'd seen the children, where the stricken Tullio was standing, as still as death.
陈述句	I wish— Lyra said when they had nearly left the square, stopping to look back up.
并列句	It's horrible, thinking of... and his poor teeth was all broken, and he could hardly see out his eye....
并列句	He's just going to swallow some poison and die now, and I wish— She was on the verge of tears.
陈述句	Hush, said Will.
陈述句	It won't hurt him.
陈述句	He'll just go to sleep.
陈述句	It's better than the Specters, he said.
疑问句	Oh, what we going to do, Will?
陈述句	she said.
疑问句	What we going to do?
并列句	You're hurt so bad, and that poor old man....
陈述句	I hate this place, I really do, I'd burn it to the ground.
疑问句	What we going to do now?
陈述句	Well, he said, that's easy.
陈述句	We've got to get the alethio-meter back, so we'll have to steal it.
陈述句	That's what we're going to do.
并列句	NINE THEFT First they went back to the cafe, to recover and rest and change their clothes.
并列句	It was clear that Will couldn't go everywhere covered in blood, and the time of feeling guilty about taking things from shops was over; so he gathered a complete set of new clothes and shoes, and Lyra, demanding to help, and watching in every direction for the other children, carried them back to the cafe.
并列句	Lyra put some water on to boil, and Will took it up to the bathroom and stripped to wash from head to foot.
并列句	The pain was dull and unrelenting, but at least the cuts were clean, and having seen what the knife could do, he knew that no cuts could be cleaner; but the stumps where his fingers had been were bleeding freely.
并列句	When he looked at them he felt sick, and his heart beat faster, file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (91 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. and that in turn seemed to make the bleeding even worse.
并列句	He sat on the edge of the bath and closed his eyes and breathed deeply several times.
并列句	Presently he felt calmer and set himself to washing.
并列句	He did the best he could, drying himself on the increasingly bloodied towels, and then dressed in his new clothes, trying not to make them bloody too.
陈述句	You're going to have to tie my bandage again, he said to Lyra.
陈述句	I don't care how tight you make it as long as it stops the bleeding.
并列句	She tore up a sheet and wrapped it around and around, clamping it down over the wounds as tight as she could.
并列句	He gritted his teeth, but he couldn't help the tears.
并列句	He brushed them away without a word, and she said nothing.
陈述句	When she'd finished, he said, Thank you.
陈述句	Then he said, Listen.
陈述句	I want you to take something in your rucksack for me, in case we can't come back here.
陈述句	It's only letters.
条件状语从句	You can read them if you want.
并列句	He went to the bedroom, took out the green leather writing case, and handed her the sheets of airmail paper.
陈述句	I won't read them unless— I don't mind.
陈述句	Else I wouldn't have said.
并列句	She folded up the letters, and he lay on the bed, pushed the cat aside, and fell asleep.
并列句	Much later that night, Will and Lyra crouched in the lane that ran along beside the tree-shaded shrubbery in Sir Charles's garden.
陈述句	On the Cittagazze side, they were in a grassy park surrounding a classical villa that gleamed white in the moonlight.
并列句	They'd taken a long time to get to Sir Charles's house, moving mainly in Cittagazze, with frequent stops to cut through and check their position in Will's world, closing the windows as soon as they knew where they were.
并列句	Not with them but not far behind came the tabby cat.
并列句	She had slept since they'd rescued her from the stone-throwing children, and now that she was awake again she was reluctant to leave them, as if she thought that wherever they were, she was safe.
并列句	Will was far from sure about that, but he had enough on his mind without the cat, and he ignored her.
并列句	All the time he was growing more familiar with the knife, more certain in his command of it; but his wound was hurting worse than before, with a deep, unceasing throb, and the bandage Lyra had freshly tied after he woke up was already soaked.
并列句	He cut a window in the air not far from the white-gleaming villa, and they came through to the quiet lane in Headington to work out exactly how to get to the study where Sir Charles had put the alethiometer.
并列句	There were two floodlights illuminating his garden, and lights were on in the front windows of the house, though not in the study.
并列句	Only moonlight lit this side, and the study window was dark.
并列句	The lane ran down through trees to another road at the far end, and it wasn't lighted.
并列句	It would have been easy for an ordinary burglar to get unobserved into the shrubbery and thus to the garden, except that there was a strong iron fence twice as high as Will, with spikes on the top, running the length of Sir Charles's property.
陈述句	However, it was no barrier to the subtle knife.
陈述句	Hold this bar while I cut it, Will whispered.
陈述句	Catch it when it falls.
并列句	Lyra did as he said, and he cut through four bars altogether, enough for them to pass through without difficulty.
并列句	Lyra laid them one by one on the grass, and then they were through, and moving among the bushes.
并列句	Once they had a clear sight of the side of the house, with the creeper-shaded window of the study facing them across the smooth lawn, Will said quietly, I'm going to cut through into Ci'gazze here, file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (92 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. and leave the window open, and move in Ci'gazze to where I think the study is, and then cut back through to this world.
并列句	Then I'll take the alethiometer out of that cabinet thing and I'll close that window and then I'll come back to this one.
并列句	You stay here in this world and keep watch.
并列句	As soon as you hear me call you, you come through this window into Ci'gazze and then I'll close it up again.
疑问句	All right?
陈述句	Yeah, she whispered.
并列句	Both me and Pan'11 look out.
陈述句	Her daemon was a small tawny owl, almost invisible in the dappled shadows under the trees.
陈述句	His wide pale eyes took in every movement.
并列句	Will stood back and held out the knife, searching, touching the air with the most delicate movements, until after a minute or so he found a point at which he could cut.
并列句	He did it swiftly, opening a window through into the moonlit land of Ci'gazze, and then stood back, estimating how many steps it would take him in that world to reach the study, and memorizing the direction.
并列句	Then without a word he stepped through and vanished.
陈述句	Lyra crouched down nearby.
并列句	Pantalaimon was perched on a branch above her head, turning this way and that, silent.
并列句	She could hear traffic from Headington behind her, and the quiet footsteps of someone going along the road at the end of the lane, and even the weightless movement of insects among the twigs and leaves at her feet.
并列句	A minute went by, and another.
疑问句	Where was Will now?
并列句	She strained to look through the window of the study, but it was just a dark mullioned square overhung with creeper.
并列句	Sir Charles had sat inside it on the window seat only that morning, and crossed his legs, and arranged the creases in his trousers.
疑问句	Where was the cabinet in relation to the window?
疑问句	Would Will get inside without disturbing anyone in the house?
陈述句	Lyra could hear her heart beating, too.
并列句	Then Pantalaimon made a soft noise, and at the same moment a different sound came from the front of the house, to Lyra's left.
并列句	She couldn't see the front, but she could see a light sweeping across the trees, and she heard a deep crunching sound: the sound of tires on gravel, she guessed.
陈述句	She hadn't heard the car's engine at all.
并列句	She looked for Pantalaimon, and he was already gliding ahead silently, as far as he could go from her.
并列句	He turned in the darkness and swooped back to settle on her fist.
陈述句	Sir Charles is coming back, he whispered.
并列句	And there's someone with him.
并列句	He took off again, and this time Lyra followed, tiptoeing over the soft earth with the utmost care, crouching down behind the bushes, finally going on hands and knees to look between the leaves of a laurel.
并列句	The Rolls-Royce stood in front of the house, and the chauffeur was moving around to the passenger side to open the door.
原因状语从句	Sir Charles stood waiting, smiling, offering his arm to the woman who was getting out, and as she came into view Lyra felt a blow at her heart, the worst blow since she'd escaped from Bolvangar, because Sir Charles's guest was her mother, Mrs. Coulter.
并列句	Will stepped carefully across the grass in Cittagazze, counting his paces, holding in his mind as clearly as he could a memory of where the study was and trying to locate it with reference to the villa, which stood nearby, stucco-white and columned in a formal garden with statues and a fountain.
并列句	And he was aware of how exposed he was in this moon-drenched parkland.
并列句	When he thought he was in the right spot, he stopped and held out the knife again, feeling forward carefully.
并列句	These little invisible gaps were anywhere, but not everywhere, or any slash of the knife would open a window.
并列句	He cut a small opening first, no bigger than his hand, and looked through.
并列句	Nothing but darkness on the other side: he couldn't see where he was.
并列句	He closed that one, turned through ninety degrees, file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (93 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. and opened another.
陈述句	This time he found fabric in front of him—heavy green velvet: the curtains of the study.
并列句	But where were they in relation to the cabinet?
陈述句	He had to close that one too, turn the other way, try again.
陈述句	Time was passing.
陈述句	The third time, he found he could see the whole of the study in the dim light through the open door to the hall.
感叹句	There was the desk, the sofa, the cabinet!
陈述句	He could see a faint gleam along the side of a brass microscope.
并列句	And there was no one in the room, and the house was silent.
陈述句	It couldn't be better.
并列句	He carefully estimated the distance, closed that window, stepped forward four paces, and held up the knife again.
并列句	If he was right, he'd be in exactly the right spot to reach through, cut through the glass in the cabinet, take out the alethiometer and close the window behind him.
陈述句	He cut a window at the right height.
陈述句	The glass of the cabinet door was only a handsbreadth in front of it.
并列句	He put his face close, looking intently at this shelf and that, from top to bottom.
陈述句	The alethiometer wasn't there.
陈述句	At first Will thought he'd got the wrong cabinet.
陈述句	There were four of them in the room.
并列句	He'd counted that morning, and memorized where they were—tall square cases made of dark wood, with glass sides and fronts and velvet-covered shelves, made for displaying valuable objects of porcelain or ivory or gold.
疑问句	Could he have simply opened a window in front of the wrong one?
并列句	But on the top shelf was that bulky instrument with the brass rings: he'd made a point of noticing that.
并列句	And on the shelf in the middle, where Sir Charles had placed the alethiometer, there was a space.
并列句	This was the right cabinet, and the alethiometer wasn't there.
并列句	Will stepped back a moment and took a deep breath.
并列句	He'd have to go through properly and look around.
并列句	Opening windows here and there at random would take all night.
并列句	He closed the window in front of the cabinet, opened another to look at the rest of the room, and when he'd taken careful stock, he closed that one and opened a larger one behind the sofa through which he could easily get out in a hurry if he needed to.
并列句	His hand was throbbing brutally by this time, and the bandage was trailing loose.
并列句	He wound it around as best he could and tucked the end in, and then went through into Sir Charles's house completely and crouched behind the leather sofa, the knife in his right hand, listening carefully.
并列句	Hearing nothing, he stood up slowly and looked around the room.
并列句	The door to the hall was half-open, and the light that came through was quite enough to see by.
陈述句	The cabinets, the bookshelves, the pictures were all there, as they had been that morning, undisturbed.
并列句	He stepped out on the silent carpet and looked into each of the cabinets in turn.
陈述句	It wasn't there.
并列句	Nor was it on the desk among the neatly piled books and papers, nor on the mantelpiece among the invitation cards to this opening or that reception, nor on the cushioned window seat, nor on the octagonal table behind the door.
并列句	He moved back to the desk, intending to try the drawers, but with the heavy expectation of failure; and as he did so, he heard the faint crunch of tires on gravel.
并列句	It was so quiet that he half-thought he was imagining it, but he stood stock-still, straining to listen.
陈述句	It stopped.
陈述句	Then he heard the front door open.
并列句	He went at once to the sofa again, and crouched behind it, next to the window that opened onto the moon-silvered grass in Cittagazze.
并列句	And no sooner had he got there than he heard footsteps in that other world, lightly running over the grass, and looked through to see Lyra racing toward him.
并列句	He was just in time to wave and put his finger to his lips, and she slowed, realizing that he was aware Sir Charles had returned.
陈述句	I haven't got it, he whispered when she came up.
陈述句	It wasn't there.
陈述句	He's probably got it with him.
并列句	I'm going to listen and see if he puts it back.
陈述句	Stay here.
感叹句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (94 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. No!
感叹句	It's worse!
并列句	she said, and she was nearly in a genuine panic.
陈述句	She's with him—Mrs.
感叹句	Coulter—my mother!
并列句	I dunno how she got here, but if she sees me, I'm dead, Will, I'm lost— and I know who he is now!
感叹句	I remember where I seen him before!
感叹句	Will, he's called Lord Boreal!
感叹句	I seen him at Mrs. Coulter's cocktail party, when I ran away!
并列句	And he must have known who I was, all the time.... Shh.
条件状语从句	Don't stay here if you're going to make a noise.
并列句	She mastered herself, and swallowed hard, and shook her head.
陈述句	Sorry.
陈述句	I want to stay with you, she whispered.
陈述句	I want to hear what they say.
原因状语从句	Hush now ... Because he could hear voices in the hall.
并列句	The two of them were close enough to touch, Will in his world, she in Cit-tagazze, and seeing his trailing bandage, Lyra tapped him on the arm and mimed tying it up again.
陈述句	He held out his hand for her to do it, crouching meanwhile with his head cocked sideways, listening hard.
陈述句	A light came on in the room.
陈述句	He heard Sir Charles speaking to the servant, dismissing him, coming into the study, closing the door.
疑问句	May I offer you a glass of Tokay?
陈述句	he said.
并列句	A woman's voice, low and sweet, replied, How kind of you, Carlo.
陈述句	I haven't tasted Tokay for many years.
陈述句	Have the chair by the fireplace.
并列句	There was the faint glug of wine being poured, a tinkle of decanter on glass rim, a murmur of thanks, and then Sir Charles seated himself on the sofa, inches away from Will.
陈述句	Your good health, Marisa, he said, sipping.
陈述句	Now, suppose you tell me what you want.
陈述句	I want to know where you got the alethiometer.
疑问句	Why?
原因状语从句	Because Lyra had it, and I want to find her.
陈述句	I can't imagine why you would.
陈述句	She is a repellent brat.
陈述句	I'll remind you that she's my daughter.
原因状语从句	Then she is even more repellent, because she must have resisted your charming influence on purpose.
陈述句	No one could do it by accident.
陈述句	Where is she?'
陈述句	I'll tell you, I promise.
并列句	But you must tell me something first.
条件状语从句	If I can, she said, in a different tone that Will thought might be a warning.
并列句	Her voice was intoxicating: soothing, sweet, musical, and young, too.
原因状语从句	He longed to know what she looked like, because Lyra had never described her, and the face that went with this voice must be remarkable.
疑问句	What do you want to know?
疑问句	What is Asriel up to?
条件状语从句	There was a silence then, as if the woman were calculating what to say.
并列句	Will looked back through the window at Lyra, and saw her face, moonlit and wide-eyed with fear, biting her lip to keep silent and straining to hear, as he was.
陈述句	Finally Mrs. Coulter said, Very well, I'll tell you.
陈述句	Lord Asriel is gathering an army, with the purpose of completing the war that was fought in heaven eons ago.
陈述句	How medieval.
陈述句	However, he seems to have some very modern powers.
疑问句	What has he done to the magnetic pole?
并列句	He found a way of blasting open the barrier between our world and others.
并列句	It caused profound disturbances to the earth's magnetic field, and that must resonate in this world too....
并列句	But how do you know about that?
陈述句	Carlo, I think you should answer some questions of mine.
疑问句	What is this world?
并列句	And how did you bring me here?
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (95 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
陈述句	It is one of millions.
并列句	There are openings between them, but they're not easily found.
并列句	I know a dozen or so, but the places they open into have shifted, and that must be due to what Asriel's done.
并列句	It seems that we can now pass directly from this world into our own, and probably into many others too.
并列句	When I looked through one of the doorways earlier today, you can imagine how surprised I was to find it opening into our world, and what's more, to find you nearby.
感叹句	Providence, dear lady!
陈述句	The change meant that I could bring you here directly, without the risk of going through Cittagazze.
疑问句	Cittagazze?
疑问句	What is that?
陈述句	Previously, all the doorways opened into one world, which was a sort of crossroads.
陈述句	That is the world of Cittagazze.
并列句	But it's too dangerous to go there at the moment.
疑问句	Why is it dangerous?
陈述句	Dangerous for adults.
陈述句	Children can go there freely.
疑问句	What?
并列句	I must know about this, Carlo, said the woman, and Will could hear her passionate impatience.
并列句	This is at the heart of everything, this difference between children and adults!
感叹句	It contains the whole mystery of Dust!
陈述句	This is why I must find the child.
并列句	And the witches have a name for her—I nearly had it, so nearly, from a witch in person, but she died too quickly.
陈述句	I must find the child.
并列句	She has the answer, somehow, and I must have it.
并列句	And you shall.
陈述句	This instrument will bring her to me—never fear.
并列句	And once she's given me what I want, you can have her.
并列句	But tell me about your curious bodyguards, Marisa.
陈述句	I've never seen soldiers like that.
疑问句	Who are they?
陈述句	Men, that's all.
并列句	But... they've undergone intercision.
并列句	They have no daemons, so they have no fear and no imagination and no free will, and they'll fight til] they're torn apart.
陈述句	No daemons... Well, that's very interesting.
条件状语从句	I wonder if I might suggest a little experiment, if you can spare one of them?
陈述句	I'd like to see whether the Specters are interested in them.
疑问句	Specters?
疑问句	What are they?
陈述句	I'll explain later, my dear.
陈述句	They are the reason adults can't go into that world.
并列句	But if they're no more interested in your bodyguards than they are in children, we might be able to travel in Cittagazze after all.
陈述句	Dust—children—Specters— daemons—intercision...
陈述句	Yes, it might very well work.
陈述句	Have some more wine.
陈述句	I want to know everything, she said, over the sound of wine being poured.
并列句	And I'll hold you to that.
疑问句	Now tell me: What are you doing in this world?
并列句	Is this where you came when we thought you were in Brasil or the Indies?
陈述句	I found my way here a long time ago, said Sir Charles.
陈述句	It was too good a secret to reveal, even to you, Marisa.
陈述句	I've made myself very comfortable, as you can see.
陈述句	Being part of the Council of State at home made it easy for me to see where the power lay here.
让步状语从句	As a matter of fact, I became a spy, though I never told my masters all I knew.
陈述句	The security services in this world were preoccupied for years with the Soviet Union—we know it as Muscovy.
并列句	And although that threat has receded, there are still listening posts and machines trained in that direction, and I'm still in touch with those who run the spies.
陈述句	Mrs. Coulter sipped her Tokay.
陈述句	Her brilliant eyes were fixed unblinkingly on his.
并列句	And I heard recently about a profound disturbance in the earth's magnetic field, Sir Charles continued.
陈述句	'The security services are alarmed.
陈述句	Every nation that does research into fundamental physics—what we call experimental theology—is turning to its scientists urgently to discover what's going on.
原因状语从句	Because they know that something is happening.
并列句	And they suspect it has to do with other worlds.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (96 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
陈述句	They do have a few clues to this, as a matter of fact.
陈述句	There is some research being done into Dust.
陈述句	Oh, yes, they know it here as well.
陈述句	There is a team in this very city working on it.
并列句	And another thing: There was a man who disappeared ten or twelve years ago, in the north, and the security services think he was in possession of some knowledge they badly need— specifically, the location of a doorway between the worlds, such as the one you came through earlier today.
陈述句	The one he found is the only one they know about: you can imagine I haven't told them what I know.
陈述句	When this new disturbance began, they set out to look for this man.
并列句	And naturally, Marisa, I myself am curious.
并列句	And I am keen to add to my knowledge.
陈述句	Will sat frozen, with his heart thudding so hard he was afraid the adults would hear it.
感叹句	Sir Charles was talking about his own father!
并列句	But all the time, he was conscious of something else in the room as well as the voices of Sir Charles and the woman.
并列句	There was a shadow moving across the floor, or that part of it he could see beyond the end of the sofa and past the legs of the little octagonal table.
并列句	But neither Sir Charles nor the woman was moving.
并列句	The shadow moved in a quick darting prowl, and it disturbed Will greatly.
并列句	The only light in the room was a standard lamp beside the fireplace, so the shadow was clear and definite, but it never stopped long enough for Will to make out what it was.
陈述句	Then two things happened.
陈述句	First, Sir Charles mentioned the alethiometer.
陈述句	For example, he said, continuing what he'd been saying, I'm very curious about this instrument.
陈述句	Suppose you tell me how it works.
并列句	And he placed the alethiometer on the octagonal table at the end of the sofa.
陈述句	Will could see it clearly; he could almost reach it.
陈述句	The second thing that happened was that the shadow fell still.
原因状语从句	The creature that was the source of it must have been perched on the back of Mrs. Coulter's chair, because the light streaming over it threw its shadow clearly on the wall.
并列句	And the moment it stopped, he realized it was the woman's daemon: a crouching monkey, turning its head this way and that, searching for something.
陈述句	Will heard an intake of breath from Lyra behind him as she saw it too.
并列句	He turned silently and whispered, Go back to the other window, and come through into his garden.
并列句	Find some stones and throw them at the study so they look away for a moment, and then I can get the alethiometer.
并列句	Then run back to the other window and wait for me.
并列句	She nodded, then turned and ran away silently over the grass.
陈述句	Will turned back.
陈述句	The woman was saying, ... the Master of Jordan College is a foolish old man.
陈述句	Why he gave it to her I can't imagine; you need several years of intensive study to make any sense of it at all.
并列句	And now you owe me some information, Carlo.
疑问句	How did you find it?
并列句	And where is the child?
陈述句	I saw her using it in a museum in the city.
并列句	I recognized her, of course, having seen her at your cocktail party all that time ago, and I realized she must have found a doorway.
并列句	And then I realized that I could use it for a purpose of my own.
陈述句	So when I came across her a second time, I stole it.
陈述句	You're very frank.
陈述句	No need to be coy; we're both grown-up.
并列句	And where is she now?
疑问句	What did she do when she found it was missing?
陈述句	She came to see me, which must have taken some nerve, I imagine.
陈述句	She doesn't lack nerve.
并列句	And what are you going to do with it?
疑问句	What is this purpose of yours?
陈述句	I told her that she could have it back, provided she got something for me—something I couldn't get myself.
并列句	And what is that?
并列句	I don't know whether you— And that was the moment when the first stone smashed into the study window.
陈述句	file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (97 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m.
并列句	It broke with a satisfying crash of glass, and instantly the monkey shadow leaped from the chair back as the adults gasped.
并列句	There came another crash, and another, and Will felt the sofa move as Sir Charles got up.
并列句	Will leaned forward and snatched the alethiometer from the little table, thrust it into his pocket, and darted back through the window.
陈述句	As soon as he was on the grass in Cittagazze he felt in the air for those elusive edges, calming his mind, breathing slowly, conscious all the time that only feet away there was horrible danger.
并列句	Then came a screech, not human, not animal, but worse than either, and he knew it was that loathsome monkey.
并列句	By that time he'd gotten most of the window closed, but there was still a small gap at the level of his chest.
原因状语从句	And then he leaped back, because into that gap there came a small furry golden hand with black fingernails, and then a face—a nightmare face.
并列句	The golden monkey's teeth were bared, his eyes glaring, and such a concentrated malevolence blazed from him that Will felt it almost like a spear.
并列句	Another second and he would have been through, and that would have been the end.
并列句	But Will was still holding the knife, and he brought it up at once and slashed left, right, across the monkey's face—or where the face would have been if the monkey hadn't withdrawn just in time.
并列句	That gave Will the moment he needed to seize the edges of the window and press them shut.
并列句	His own world had vanished, and he was alone in the moonlit parkland in Cittagazze, panting and trembling and horribly frightened.
并列句	But now there was Lyra to rescue.
并列句	He ran back to the first window, the one he'd opened into the shrubbery, and looked through.
并列句	The dark leaves of laurels and holly obscured the view, but he reached through and thrust them aside to see the side of the house clearly, with the broken study window sharp in the moonlight.
并列句	As he watched, he saw the monkey leaping around the corner of the house, scampering over the grass with the speed of a cat, and then he saw Sir Charles and the woman following close behind.
陈述句	Sir Charles was carrying a pistol.
并列句	The woman herself was beautiful—Will saw that with shock— lovely in the moonlight, her brilliant dark eyes wide with enchantment, her slender shape light and graceful; but as she snapped her fingers, the monkey stopped at once and leaped up into her arms, and he saw that the sweet-faced woman and the evil monkey were one being.
并列句	But where was Lyra?
并列句	The adults were looking around, and then the woman put the monkey down, and it began to cast this way and that on the grass as if it were scenting or looking for footprints.
陈述句	There was silence from all around.
条件状语从句	If Lyra was in the shrubbery already, she wouldn't be able to move without making a noise, which would give her away at once.
陈述句	Sir Charles adjusted something on his pistol with a soft click: the safety catch.
并列句	He peered into the shrubbery, seeming to look directly at Will, and then his eyes traveled on past.
陈述句	Then both of the adults looked to their left, for the monkey had heard something.
并列句	And in a flash it leaped forward to where Lyra must be, and a moment later it would have found her— And at that moment the tabby cat sprang out of the shrubbery and onto the grass, and hissed.
并列句	The monkey heard and twisted in midair as if with astonishment, though he was hardly as astonished as Will himself.
并列句	The monkey fell on his paws, facing the cat, and the cat arched her back, tail raised high, and stood sideways on, hissing, challenging, spitting.
并列句	And the monkey leaped for her.
并列句	The cat reared up, slashing with needle-paws left and right too quickly to be seen, and then Lyra was beside Will, tumbling through the window with Pan-talaimon beside her.
并列句	And the cat screamed, and the monkey screamed, too, as the cat's claws raked his face; and then the monkey turned and leaped into Mrs. Coulter's arms, and the cat shot file:///C|/Music/Books/Text/Pullman/PULLMAN,%20P...k%20Materials%202%20-%20The%20Subtle%20Knife.htm (98 of 157)7/09/2003 11:42:22 p.m. away into the bushes of her own world and vanished.
并列句	And Will and Lyra were through the window, and Will felt once again for the almost intangible edges in the air and pressed them swiftly together, closing the window all along its length as through the diminishing gap came the sound of feet among twigs and cracking branches— And then there was only a hole the size of Will's hand, and then it was shut, and the whole world was silent.
并列句	He fell to his knees on the dewy grass and fumbled for the alethiometer.
陈述句	Here, he said to Lyra.
陈述句	She took it.
